Azure Advisor
evaluates your Azure resources and makes recommendations to improve reliability,
     security, and performance, achieve operational excellence, and reduce costs.
 You can use filters to select recommendations for specific subscriptions, resource groups, or services

Reliability - continuty of ur business-critical applications.
Security - threats
Performance  speed of ur app
Cost optimize and reduce costs
Operational Excellence


Azure Service Health
 helps you keep track of Azure resource, deployed and overall azure resource

 Combines with 3 diff resources
 Azure status - global view s, informs you of service outages in Azure, give a global view of health of all the services
 Service Health - narrower view ,  focuses on the Azure services and regions you're using.
 Resource Health - tailored view ,  prvides health of individual cloud resource  like vms

 Azure Status - global view page of all ur services across all azure regions
 broader view

 Service Health - narrower view of Azure services and regions
 Best place for service impacting communications about outages, planned maintenance activities
  Service Health alerts to notify about maintenace outages,

 Resource Health - tailored view
 prvides health of individual cloud resource  like vms
 Azure Monitor, you can also configure alerts to notify you of availability changes to your cloud resources.


 Azure Monitor
 is a platform for collecting data on ur resources ,analysin visulaizing and acting on results.
 monitors Azure resources on premise and cloud resources
 Metrics provide - Log analytics

 logging and metric data collected from ur app
 ogging and metric data are stored in central repositories
 Now this data is used in many ways
 1. view real-time and historical performance
 2. high-level reports on the Azure Monitor Dashboard
 3.  you can use the data to help you react to critical events in real time,

 Azure Log Analytics
 is atool where u run queries on data collected by azure monitor
 write simple query or use features of og analytics to sort filter

 Azure Monitor Alerts
 re an automated way
 For example, you could set a metric-based alert up to notify you when the CPU usage on a virtual machine exceeded 80%.
 An action group is simply a collection of notification and action preferences that you associate with one or multiple alerts.
 Azure Monitor, Service Health, and Azure Advisor all use actions groups to notify you when an alert has been triggered.


 Application Insights is an azure Monitor feature for web apps .
 u can setup app insights to help u monitor
 Request rates, response times, and failure rates
 Dependency rates, response times, and failure rates, to show whether external services are slowing down performance
 Page views and load performance reported by users' browsers
 AJAX calls from web pages, including rates, response times, and failure rates
 User and session counts
 Performance counters from Windows or Linux server machines, such as CPU, memory, and network usage
