Azuree physical infrastructure for Azure starts with datacenter

Regions- geographical area or location containing one or more data centers managed by low latency networks
when u deploy a resource in azue u have to define the region
some resource like microsoft entra id Azure Traffic Manager, and Azure DNS do not require a particaluar region

Availabilty Zone is made up of one or more datacenters with its own indendent powers colling
they are physically separate datacenters within a region
Availability zones are connected through high-speed, private fiber-optic networks.

To ensure resiliency, a minimum of three separate availability zones are present in all availability zone-enabled regions.
However, not all Azure Regions currently support availability zones.

Azure can help make your app highly available through availability zones.
Availabilty zones are used to  run mission-critical applications
They are primarily used for  VMs, managed disks, load balancers, and SQL databas

availability zones fall into three categories:
Zonal services: You pin the resource to a specific zone (for example, VMs, managed disks, IP addresses).
Zone-redundant services: The platform replicates automatically across zones (for example, zone-redundant storage, SQL Database).
Non-regional services: Services are always available from Azure geographies and are resilient to zone-wide outages as well as region-wide outages.


region pairs -- when there is huge impact that multiple availabilty zones are damaged in a single region ,.. that is wher region pair comes in
Region is paired with another region 300 miles away at max like us or europe, this allows replicaton of resources across geography
Not all Azure services  replicate data and can be recovered ,
In these scenarios, recovery and replication must be configured by the customer.


Examples of region pairs in Azure are West US paired with East US and South-East Asia paired with East Asia.

More advantages of region pairs
Azure outage occurs then one region can is available
planned outage
Data continues to reside within the same geography as its pair (except for Brazil South) for tax- and law-enforcement jurisdiction purposes.

some regions, such as West India and Brazil South, are paired in only one direction
one-direction pairing, the Primary region does not provide backup for its secondary region.
 So, even though West India’s secondary region is South India, South India does not rely on West India.
  West India's secondary region is South India, but South India's secondary region is Central India.
  Brazil South is unique because it's paired with a region outside of its geography.
  Brazil South's secondary region is South Central US. The secondary region of South Central US isn't Brazil South.

Sovereign Regions are isolated from main azure and is used for compliance and legal purposes
Azure sovereign regions include:

US DoD Central, US Gov Virginia,
US Gov Iowa and more: These regions are physical and logical network-isolated instances of Azure for U.S. government agencies and partners.
These datacenters are operated by screened U.S. personnel and include additional compliance certifications.
China East, China North, and more: These regions are available through a unique partnership between Microsoft and 21Vianet,
 whereby Microsoft doesn't directly maintain the datacenters.