ARR affinity: In a multi-instance deployment, ensure that the client is routed to the same instance for the life of the session
              ou can set this option to Off for stateless applications

Q. You have five applications installed on a single App Service Plan.
 Each application has two deployment slots - production and staging.
 You have scaled the plan out to three instances. How many VMs are running to support this?
3 VMs are running to support this setup.

Ans When you create an app in App Service, it is put into an App Service plan.
 When the app runs, it runs on all the VM instances configured in the App Service plan.
  If multiple apps are in the same App Service plan, they all share the same VM instances.
  If you have multiple deployment slots for an app, all deployment slots also run on the same VM instances.
  In this way, the App Service plan is the scale unit of the App Service apps. If the plan is configured to run five VM instances,
  then all apps in the plan run on all five instances.
   If the plan is configured for autoscaling, then all apps in the plan are scaled out together based on the autoscale settings


 Q --> u have an Azure App Service, with a WebJob.
 The WebJob is supposed to run continuously, but sometimes stops running as the App Service is
 unloaded when there are not enough incoming visitors. What can you do to ensure the App Service is never unloaded?

 Enable Always On setting on the General Settings page
 Always On: Keeps the app loaded even when there's no traffic.
  When Always On is not turned on (default), the app is unloaded after 20 minutes without any incoming requests.
  The unloaded app can cause high latency for new requests because of its warm-up time.
  When Always On is turned on, the front-end load balancer sends a GET request to the application root every five minutes.
  The continuous ping prevents the app from being unloaded.


You can set the specific version of Python in Configuration > General Settings.


Using Azure Spot Virtual Machines allows you to take advantage of our unused capacity at a significant cost savings.
At any point in time when Azure needs the capacity back, the Azure infrastructure will evict Azure Spot Virtual Machines.
Therefore, Azure Spot Virtual Machines are great for workloads that can handle interruptions like batch processing jobs, dev/test environments,
 large compute workloads, and more