pricing calculator and the total cost of ownership (TCO) calculator

 Pricing calculator is designed to give you an estimated cost for provisioning resources in Azure.
estimate for individual resources,
pricing calculator’s focus is on the cost of provisioned resources in Azure
Pricing calculator is for information purposes only only for estimates
Nothing is provisioned when you add resources to the pricing calculator, and you won't be charged for any services you select
estimate any  provisioned resources, including compute, storage, and associated network costs

TCO total cost of ownership  calculator
compare the costs for running an on-premises infrastructure to the cloud
enter your current infrastructure configuration, including servers, databases, storage, and outbound network traffic
it will then compare the costs with ur current env to azure env
add in assumptions like power and IT labor cost

Microsoft Cost Management tool

If you accidentally provision new resources,
you may not be aware of them until it’s time for your invoice.

Cost Management is a service that helps avoid those situations.
ability to quickly check Azure resource costs, create alerts based on resource spend,
 and create budgets that can be used to automate management of resources.

 Cost analysis is a subset of Cost Management for  Azure costs
 can quickly view the total cost in a variety of different ways, including by billing cycle, region, resource,
 explore and analyze your organizational costs
 aggregated costs by organization to understand where costs are accrued a
 you can see accumulated costs over time to estimate monthly, quarterly, or even yearly cost

 Cost alerts
 Cost alerts provides a single location where u can check all the diff types of alerts in the Cost Management Service

 Budget alerts
 Credit alerts
 Department spending quota alerts.

  Budget alerts
  are based on usage or cost , reaches or exceeds the amount defined the codnition of the budget.
  Budget alerts support both cost-based and usage-based budgets
  Budget alerts are generated when  budget alert conditions are met.
  Whenever an alert is generated, it appears in cost alerts

  Credit Alerts
  Credit alerts notify you when your Azure credit monetary commitments are consumed.
  Monetary commitments are for organizations with Enterprise Agreements (EAs).
  generally generated at 90 or 100% email is sent to account woner

  Department spending quota alerts
   when department spending reaches a fixed threshold of the quota.
  an email to department owners is sent at 50% or 75 %

  Budgets
  A budget is where you set a spending limit for Azure.
  can set budgets based on a subscription, resource group, service type, or other criteria
  set a budget alert which sends an email or triggers another condition




