Ingress bandwidth is free. You pay for egress (outbound).<br>For more info: <a>

Which type of cloud service model is typically licensed through a monthly or annual subscription?
 one version of the application is used for all customers, and it is licensed through a monthly or annual subscription.
  PaaS and IaaS use a consumption-based model, so you only pay for what you use.

  IaaS helps you reduce the cost and complexity of maintaining a physical server and its datacenter infrastructure.
   Virtual networks are part of the IaaS cloud service.

 Resource tags can be used to group billing data and categorize costs by runtime environment,
 such as billing usage for virtual machines running in a production environment.

 ARM templates define an application's infrastructure requirements for a repeatable deployment that is done in a consistent manner.
  A validation step ensures that all resources can be created in the proper order based on dependencies, in parallel and idempotent.
  Azure Monitor is a platform that collects metric and logging data, such as CPU percentages. The data can be used to trigger autoscaling.

  Management groups can be used in environments that have multiple subscriptions to streamline the application of governance conditions.
  Resource groups can be used to organize Azure resources.
  Administrative units are used to delegate the administration of Microsoft Entra resources, such as users and groups.
  Accounts are used to provide access to resources.

  ARM is the deployment and management service for Azure.
  Virtual machines are software emulations of physical computers.
  They include a virtual processor, memory, storage, and networking resources.
  Virtual machines host an operating system, and you can install and run software just like on a physical computer.

  You can link virtual networks together by using virtual network peering.
  Peering enables resources in each virtual network to communicate with each other.

   Service endpoints are used to expose Azure services to a virtual network, providing communication between the two.
   ExpressRoute is used to connect an on-premises network to Azure.
   NSGs allow you to configure inbound and outbound rules for virtual networks and virtual machines.
   Peering allows you to connect virtual networks together.

   Conditional Access is a feature that Microsoft Entra uses to allow or deny access to resources based on identity signals, such as the device being used.
   SSO enables a user to sign in one time and use that credential to access multiple resources and applications from different providers.
   MFA is a process whereby a user is prompted during the sign-in process for an additional form of identification.
   Hybrid identity solutions create a common user identity for authentication and authorization to all resources, regardless of location.


   An Azure RBAC role is applied to a scope,
   Resource locks prevent the accidental change or deletion of a resource.
   Resource tags are used to locate and act on resources associated with specific workloads, environments, business units, and owners.
   Policies enforce different rules across resource configurations so that the configurations stay compliant with corporate standards.