Storage Services
Azure Blobs: A massively scalable object store for text and binary data.
Also includes support for big data analytics through Data Lake Storage Gen2.
Azure Files: Managed file shares for cloud or on-premises deployments.
Azure Queues: A messaging store for reliable messaging between application components.
Azure Disks: Block-level storage volumes for Azure VMs.
Azure Tables: NoSQL table option for structured, non-relational data.

Benefits of Azure Storage
Durable and highly available - redundancy -durable across geo zones
secure - date written to azure storages are encypted also provides access control
Scalable - storages services are hoghly scalabale
managed - azure takes care of updates and stuff like that
Accessible - accessible from anywhere in the world over httpor https

Azure Blob Storage - binary large objects like text images or vides ,, unstructred data with no extension
ideal for
Serving images or documents directly to a browser.
Storing files for distributed access.
Streaming video and audio.
Storing data for backup and restore, disaster recovery, and archiving.
Storing data for analysis by an on-premises or Azure-hosted service.

accessed via http orhttps urls links azure storage apis,clis ,powershell,client library
also supports many langausges .net java ruby node python php

Azure Blob  access tiers {data which is accessed and updated frequently ,sometimes or rarel}
Hot access tier: data that is accessed frequently (for example, images for your website). highest storage and lowest access cost
Cool access tier: data that is infrequently accessed and stored for at least 30 days (for example, invoices for your customers).
Cold access tier: data that is infrequently accessed and stored for at least 90 days.
Archive access tier:data that is rarely accessed and stored for at least 180 days,
with flexible latency requirements (for example, long-term backups).

Azure Files
Azure File storage offers Server Message Block (SMB) or Network File System (NFS) protocols
SMB Azure file shares are accessible from Windows, Linux, and macOS clients
NFS Azure Files shares are accessible from Linux or macOS clients.
SMB Azure file shares can be cached on Windows Servers with Azure File Sync for fast access near where the data is being used.

Benfits of Azure Files
PowerShell cmdlets and Azure CLI can be used to create, mount, and manage Azure file shares.
Azure Files has been built from the ground up to always be available.


Azure Queues Service  for storing large numbers of messages
commonly used to create a backlog of work to process asynchronously.
can be combined with compute functions like Azure Functions to take an action when a message is received

Azure Disks
same as a physical disk, but they’re virtualized – offering greater resiliency and availability than a physical disk

Azure Table storage stores large amounts of structured data. non realtional data