Describe factors that can affect costs in Azure
Azure is opex that is operational expense

That OpEx cost can be impacted by many factors.
Resource type
Consumption
Maintenance
Geography
Subscription type
Azure Marketplace

Resource Type
type of resource , setting of resource region
when u create a an Azure resource azure creates a metered instances for that resource.
The meters track the resources' usage and generate a usage record that is used to calculate your bill.

eg storage account resource
type - blob or performance tier or access tier or redundancy
same storage account in different regions may show different costs and changing any of the settings may also impact the price.

for a vm license of os , processor and no of core , attached storage affects the price

Consumption
Pay-as-you-go pay for what u use
“reserved” resources. Many services, including databases, compute, and storage all provide
the option to commit to a level of use and receive a discount, in some cases up to 72 percent.
reserve capacity using and paying for a certain amount of Azure resources during a given period (typically one or three years).

Maintenance
Using resource groups can help keep all of your resources organized
every time you provision a VM, additional resources such as storage and networking are also provisioned but when u deprovision it it may not
be deallocated and u might have to pay extra for it.

Geography
With  global deployment comes global pricing differences. The cost of power, labor, taxes, and fees vary depending on the location.
Network traffic is also impacted based on geography

Network Traffic
Bandwidth refers to data moving in and out of Azure datacenters.
Some inbound data transfers (data going into Azure datacenters) are free.
 For outbound data transfers (data leaving Azure datacenters), data transfer pricing is based on zones.

 Subscription type
  Azure subscription types also include usage allowances, which affect costs.
  Azure free trial subscription provides access to a number of Azure products that are free for 12 months
   includes credit to spend within your first 30 days of sign-u

 Azure Marketplace
 When you purchase products through Azure Marketplace,
 you may pay for not only the Azure services that you’re using,
 but also the services or expertise of the third-party vendor. Billing structures are set by the vendor.