https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-messaging-overview?WT.mc_id=thomasmaurer-blog-thmaure

Read the above article and the delve into messaging systems

Azure Service Bus is a messaging service in micorsoft often called as pub/sub
supports queues and topics


 azure service bus

    why azure service bus --> supports fifo thru queues and topics ,, use features like sessions
                              to make sure messages are processed in exact order
                              maintains sequence of transactions
                              supports transactions
                              supports dead letter queues ,retries and duplicate detections

    Azure Storage Queue -- no order ,no transaction, simple scenarioes

Service bus is used for communication between applications and services.
by communicating messages between application using these message services
applications can be decoupled

Azure Service Bus is a messaging service from Microsoft.
Service Bus is based upon the Publish/Subscribe messaging model,
 which is often referred to simply as Pub/Sub.
 Azure Service Bus supports Queues and Topics.

Queues are used for pushing messages to a single consumer.
Topics are used to distribute messages to multiple consumers in one-to-many message publishing scenarios.

The benefits of using Pub/Sub messaging include:
No need for expensive polling operations
Applications and services can be decoupled
Fault tolerance
Scalability

Queues
Use queues when you need to ensure that a message is processed exactly once and by only one consumer,
especially in task processing or sequential processing scenarios.
Messages in a queue are consumed by a single consumer.
Once a message is processed by a consumer, it is removed from the queue and cannot be processed by another consumer.

Topics
Use topics for broadcasting messages to multiple subscribers, e
specially in scenarios requiring updates to multiple components or real-time information distribution.

Messages published to a topic can be consumed by multiple subscribers.
Each subscriber gets a copy of the message, allowing for one-to-many message distribution.

Core entities in a azure service bus Queues topics and subscriptions
Queues provide reliable message queuing and delivery, topics and subscriptions provide publish-subscribe messaging, and together,
they form the core messaging entities in Azure Service Bus