Monitoring Azure Web Apps
There are several facets to monitoring Web Apps in Azure.
You should be familiar with what is available for monitoring, so that you can use the best tool for the task at hand.
 The following list summarizes the most commonly used monitoring tools available to you:

Metrics: Metrics are collected for Web Apps and measured by server-level information,
such as the number of failed requests, average response time, and data in/out.
 You have seen metrics at work in the charts visible on Web Apps overview blades.
 Metrics is a global service that is part of Azure Monitor.
 It measures data for a wide-variety of Azure resources, not only Web Apps.

Metrics have different retention periods based on their time resolution:
 Per minute metrics are retained for 30 hours
 Per hour metrics are retained for 30 days
 Per day metrics are retained for 30 days

Diagnostic Logs: Collect logs from your application and/or from the web server hosting your application.
The level of detail of the logs can be configured. You may need to configure higher levels of details when actively debugging issues,
and return to a lower level of detail to reduce the amount of storage space used, and associated costs, for logs.
By default, diagnostic logs are all disabled.

Resource health: Monitors your App Services for Azure service issues that may be impacting your Web Apps.
For example, service outages or smaller-scale hardware issues impacting the hardware serving your Web App.
 Resource health is useful for checking if any SLAs have been violated, entitling you to a refund.
  Resource health is a global service that can monitor multiple resource types, not only Web Apps.

Service health: Service health is a general service that reports broad service outages, and not individual resource health.
If a complete App Service outage is being experienced, Service health will report the outage,
 but because the outage affects the individual health of individual resources,
 Resource health will also notify you. Therefore, for monitoring a specific Web App, you can just check Resource health.

 Steps
 On the Overview blade of the production Web App, click the Monitoring tab, and click on one of the charts to open a Metrics blade:
 1. Add metrics
 connections
 HTTP 2xx
 HTTP Server Errors
 Thread Count

 . Scroll down the sidebar menu and select Monitoring > App Service Logs:
 Application -logging filesystem --> Enable application logging to collect diagnostic traces from your web app code.
 You'll need to turn this on to enable the streaming log feature.
 This setting turns itself off after 12 hours.

 Application logging (Blob) -> Logs are collected in the blob container that is specified under Storage settings

 Web server logging --> Gather diagnostic information for your web server
 Detailed error messages -- > gather detailed error messages from your web app
 failed request tracing --> Gather diagnostic information on failed requests



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Monitoring Application Performance With Application Insights
Application Insights is an application performance management (APM) service

find and diagnose performance issues
Find and diagnose runtime exceptions
Monitor and alert on application health
Analyze customer usage
Create custom key performance indicator (KPI) dashboards

Application Insights can collect data from applications in Azure,
running on-prem, or on other clouds.
The integration with Azure Web Apps makes it exceptionally easy to use in Azure.

In the search bar at the top of the Azure Portal, enter app insight. Click Application Insights under Services:
create the aplication insights
Click Turn on Application Insights and in the Application Insights form, under Link to an Application Insights resource, click the Select existing resource button:


