1. application needs to authorize users based on their group membership in the organization.
Configure the groupMembershipClaims attribute in the application manifest.

2. What happens if a user attempts to access Microsoft Key Vault with scope=User.Read in the Microsoft Identity platform?
The request fails because  User.Read will assume wrong resource type
Use https://vault.azure.net/.default instead

3. Delegated permission - signed in user
App-only access permission - no signed in user

4. You are developing a web application using ASP.Net Core.
The application needs to authenticate users via Microsoft Entra ID and
also needs to access Azure Blob Storage on behalf of the authenticated users.
What settings should you set in API permissions pane to allow this?

Microsoft Graph > User.Read
Microsoft Graph: Set User.Read to "Delegate" to allow application to read the user's profile only when the user is signed in.
Azure Storage > user_impersonation
Azure Storage: Set user_impersonation to "Delegate" to allow the application to access Azure Storage only when the user is signed in.

4. you're tasked with implementing mandatory multi-factor authentication for all users. What is the most appropriate step to take
Activate security defaults in Microsoft Entra ID.
This feature provides a basic level of security, including mandatory multi-factor authentication for all users, at no additional cost

5. You want to implement a policy that triggers multi-factor authentication
(MFA) when a sign-in is deemed risky. Which two actions should you perform?
Upgrade the staff accounts to Microsoft Entra ID Premium P2.
establish a new risk-based conditional access policy in Microsoft Entra ID.

6. Microsoft Entra ID B2C - users can sign in using their social media credentials like Instagram, Reddit, or Google
 B2C supports authentication through a variety of social media platforms and email accounts,
 making it the most suitable choice for this scenario.

7. difference between AppRoles and Groups
AppRoles are specific to an application and are removed with the app registration,
Groups are tenant-specific and persist even after the app is removed.