HDFS - hadoop distributed file system -> storing large amounts of data across multiple servers/machines
       breaks data into blocks for high availabilty and reliabilty.
Hadoop is a distributed data processing platform that offers three core capabilities.

It has 3 components or capabilires
1--> Yarn -- manages the resource allocation
2 --> HDFS -- file system -- stores files and blocks -- manages the data blocks
3 --> map-reduce
     map function -- reads data block parallely -- map output is sent to the reduce
     reduce fuction -- consolidates thes results

It has 3 capabilities Yarn is the cluster resource manager --
it acts as master slave where one computer will act as a master and
others will act as slave

Example u have 5 computers -- install hadoop and the cluster is now a hadoop cluster
For running an application on Hadoop, you must submit the application to the YARN resource manager.

What is a conatiner ?
It is a set of resources that includes memory and CPU. -- think of a box with cpu and memory


MapReduce --> Parallel processing of these data -- to get the final result


Hadoop issues -- hadoop relies on disk based storage,ie. high disk i/o operation slow process.
                 Apache spark is in memory processing framework.
                 coding in hadoop is difficult

Many solution were develped on top of hadoop
So Hive simplified using Hadoop.
Map Reduce Programming model was complex to use
With hive we could create databases, tables view and run sql queries


Why Spark ?
Spark programs worked 10 to 100 times faster than the Hadoop M/R programs.
Spark SQL was also 10 to 100 times faster than Hive SQL.
In memory processing, easy to use , sdk with java scala SQl, 100x faster than  MapReduce
Apis in multiple langauage

Spark also decoupled the HDFS and started supporting cloud storage such as Amazon S3 and Azure Blob storage.
Spark also removed the dependency on Hadoop YARN.
The Spark community designed it to work on multiple containers and resource management options.
So adopting Spark in the Cloud platform was easy.