When the app is not performing and we need to check which component is causing issue use Application Insights
configure to send data to app insgihts from the app.


Auto-instrumentation is the preferred method of instrumentation when it's available because:
No code changes are required
SDK update overhead is eliminated
Since auto-instrumentation is available for .NET applications running on Azure App Service for Windows, it is the preferred method.

Data only streams to Live Metrics while you’re on the page, and it disappears as soon as you leave.
Data on the Live Metrics page is displayed within one second.
live metirs  free,depends on ur langauge

Live Metrics is enabled differently depending on the language your application was written in.

Standard test supports checking the validity of a website's SSL certificate
It's possible to check the validity of an SSL certificate using the TrackAvailability() method,
but that would require writing a custom test application, so it would be much easier to use a Standard test instead.

Application Insights is a feature of Azure Monitor that provides extensible application performance management
(APM) and monitoring for live web applications.

Azure Monitor helps you maximize the availability and performance of applications and services.
Application Insights is part of Azure Monitor.

Log Analytics is a tool in the Azure portal to edit and run log queries from data collected by Azure Monitor Logs
and interactively analyze their results.

Azure Advisor scans your Azure configuration and recommends changes to optimize deployments, increase security, and save money.


================ Azure Application Insights API calls=====
The TrackEvent API call tracks user actions and other events.
It is used to track user behavior or to monitor performance.

TrackMetric API call is used to track performance measurements such as queue length
TrackRequest API call is used to log the frequency and duration of server requests for performance analysis.
TrackTrace API call is used to capture Resource Diagnostic log messages and can also be used to capture third-party logs

The GetMetric method handles local pre-aggregation and then only submits an aggregated summary metric at a fixed interval of one minute.
TrackMetric sends raw telemetry, missing pre-aggregation.
SetMetric and LogMetric are not valid methods to send pre-aggregated summary metrics to Azure Monitor.

Using standard metrics both minimizes the volume of data ingested into Application Insights
 and maximizes the accuracy of the collected metrics.

Applying sampling and filtering would negatively affect the accuracy of the collected metrics.
Using log-based metrics does not minimize the volume of data ingested into Application Insights.
