1.In Application Insights, what does the Users tool specifically count?
People using the app

2.In Application Insights, if a single person uses different browsers or machines, how are they counted in the Users tool?
As more than one user

Paths of the user
Question - Which feature in Azure Insights would you utilize to analyze these factors?

User Flows - shows navigation patterns of the user
cohorts - Cohorts are used to group and analyze sets of users, sessions, events, or operations that have something in common
Impact --> to analyze how  load times and user properties/behaviour and characteristics  affect conversion rates in various parts of the app
retention  --> how many users return to your app and how often they engage with specific tasks or goals
Users -- no of users people used ur app
Funnels - track users jpurney thru the web app and see where the users leave or stop using the app

3. In your organization, you are working on an ASP.NET web application that is hosted on a development
server within the company's internal network.
Before transitioning the application to the production server,
 you must gather performance data from various global locations. What action should you take

 Implement a URL ping test using Application Insights
 URL ping test specifically allows you to test the responsiveness of a web application from different regions.
  test is used to test endpoint availability.
  Custom TrackAvailability test is used for authentication purpose
  Standard test is similar to the URL ping test, but it includes additional information.

4. You have a running application and you want to control the rate of data ingestion without redeploying the application.
 Which sampling method would you use?

 Ingestion Sampling -- controls ingestion of data
 fixed-rate sampling -- java app used for fine-grained control over telemetry data
 adaptive sampling adjusts the volume of telemetry sent. controls high-volume applications to avoid exceeding data quotas.

 5. Where in Application Insights does the following code send data to?
 telemetry.TrackEvent("WinGame");
TrackEvent method is used to log custom events,  Custom Events

Custom events in Application Insights are  interactions such as button selections or task completions.

6 . What tool should you use in Application Insights to monitor page views?
events tool -page view
user tool - count people using the app

7. real-time querying and alerting on dimensions of metrics, and more responsive dashboards
Pre-aggregated metrics are also called standard metrics
Log-based metrics are aggregated at query time and require more processing to produce results.

8.Your web application must be able to scale on demand. Which Azure Application Insights data model should you use?
An Application Insights metric

9.You have a very old Azure function app and you want to integrate it with Application Insights
to save informational log data. Which tasks should you perform?

Manually enable Application Insights in the function app.
Store the name of the instrumentation key in an app setting named APPINSIGHTS_INSTRUMENTATIONKEY.
Call the LogInformation method of the ILogger class.