there are 5 storage services in azure
Azure blob storage -- text files video , unstrictired data
Azure files -- azure smb
Queues -- messages upt millions of messages an 64kb
Tables -- nosql data
azure disks -- for storing data for vms

They can be accessed by storage accounts

----------------------
Azure storage accounts are  accessible from anywhere in the world over HTTP or HTTPS.
hence they need to be unique

Storage accounts
Type of storage account determines the storage service and redundancy services
Locally redundant storage (LRS)
Geo-redundant storage (GRS)
Read-access geo-redundant storage (RA-GRS)
Zone-redundant storage (ZRS)
Geo-zone-redundant storage (GZRS)
Read-access geo-zone-redundant storage (RA-GZRS)

General Purpose V2 --> supports all storages services --> and redundacny services
Recommended for most scenarios using Azure Storage.

Block Blob Storages -- premium performance for block blobs
Recommended for scenarios with high transaction rates and low storage latency.
High Transaction Rates
Definition: A transaction in Azure Blob Storage can be any operation such as uploading, downloading, listing, or deleting blobs.
High transaction rates mean that the storage system can handle a large number of these operations simultaneously or within a short period.
example --> Consider a web application that allows users to upload and view photos and videos.
 If this application has millions of users worldwide,
  the underlying storage (in this case, Azure Blob Storage) must support a high rate of transactions
   to handle simultaneous uploads, downloads, and metadata fetches without delays.

Consider a web application that allows users to upload and view photos and videos.
If this application has millions of users worldwide,
 the underlying storage (in this case, Azure Blob Storage)
 must support a high rate of transactions to handle simultaneous uploads,
 downloads, and metadata fetches without delays.

 Azure Blobs
 Account--> container --> blob {text,images ,videos ,files }
 containers are like directoris to store/organize the blobs

 3 types of blob
 Block blob -->  contains about 190.7tib of data, contains block of data that can be managed individually
 Page Blob -->  store random access files upto 8tib of data
 Append BLob --> used to append data, good for logging data from virtual machines ,




 In Microsoft Azure Storage, Page Blobs provide block-storage that is optimized for random access and frequent updates.