elasticity - elastic computing is the ability to quickly expand increase computer processing memory
,storage resources without depending upon planning and engineering during the peak usage -
 bsically increase and decrease the usage resources based on demand

NSG - Network security group --> contains the security rules that allow or deny
inbound traffic /outbound traffice to azure resources

What is the present maximum capacity for storage accounts?
5pib

Resource type, Consumption, and Geography.
 These factors influence the cost of Azure resources.
Maintenance, on the other hand, is an important aspect of managing resources to control costs
 but does not directly influence the cost of the resources themselves.

Azure App Service and Azure SQL Databases are both PaaS services!

No! 1 resource = 1 resource group (very simply logic)

The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a regulation in EU law on data protection and
privacy in the European Union and the European Economic Area.
The GDPR is an important component of EU privacy law and of human rights law,
in particular Article 8 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union.

HYbrid Cloud mode multiple Public Clouds in conjunction with a Private Cloud.

Reducing the amount of data transferred between Azure regions can help reduce costs by minimizing data egress charges.

Power BI can use Azure DataLake and Azure SQL Data Warehouse to generate reports for your business

For users wishing to adopt cloud services, Azure provides a web-based TCO Calculator.
You can use this calculator to estimate the costs of migrating your data and applications to Azure and predict potential savings.

Azure ExpressRoute, which provides a dedicated, private network connection between on-premises infrastructure and Azure data centers.
Azure Stack is a hybrid cloud solution that allows you to use Azure services on-premises, without an internet connection

Ingress bandwidth is free. You pay for egress (outbound).<br>For more info: <a>
Azure Blueprints allows you to create a "template" on which new subscriptions can be made.
This way, new subscriptions can come with a pre-defined list of policies,
ARM templates, and custom RBAC roles. This way, a subscription follows a company standard each time.

Which Azure AD licenses (select two) are made available through Azure?
office 365
Azure Active Directory

 What type of document Microsoft Service Trust Portal provide?
 A list of standards that Microsoft follows, pen test results,
 security assessments, white papers, faqs, and other documents that can be used to show Microsoft's compliance effort