Cloud computing allows you to scale more quickly
A hybrid cloud is a computing environment that combines a public cloud and a private
cloud by allowing data and applications to be shared between them.

You scale vertically to increase compute capacity by adding RAM or CPUs to a virtual machine.
 Scaling horizontally increases compute capacity by adding instances of resources, such as adding virtual machines to the configuration.
Disaster recovery keeps data and other assets safe in the event of a disaster.
High availability minimizes downtime when things go wrong.

Operating systems are managed by customers when using IaaS or an on-premises deployments.
The operating systems are not accessible in PaaS and SaaS deployments.

In PaaS, the cloud provider is responsible for the operating system, physical datacenter, physical hosts, and physical network.
 In PaaS, the customer is responsible for accounts and identities.

 Azure SQL Database is a PaaS database engine.

Which two factors affect Azure costs? - resource location and usage
 Usage meters, such as CPU time, disk size, and write operations, are used to calculate your bill for an Azure resource.
  Deleting or deallocating a resource means that you will no longer be billed for it.
 Different regions can have different associated prices.
 Resources cost the same no matter the time of day or the day of the week.

 The Azure Pricing calculator allows you to estimate and configure according to your specific requirements.
 You will then receive a consolidated estimated price and a detailed breakdown of the costs associated with each resource
  you added to your solution.

Azure Cost Management allows you to create and manage cost and usage budgets by monitoring resource demand trends, consumption rates,
and cost patterns. It also allows you to use historical data to generate reports and forecast future usage and expenditures.

Resource tags can be used to group billing data and categorize costs by runtime environment,
 such as billing usage for virtual machines running in a production environment.

A resource lock prevents resources from being accidentally deleted or changed.
Resource tags offer the custom grouping of resources.
Policies enforce different rules across all resource configurations so that the configurations stay compliant with corporate standards.
An initiative is a way of grouping related policies together

Azure Policy is a service in Azure that enables you to create, assign, and manage policies that control or audit resources..
You can use Azure Policy to implement standards for your organization across Azure.
 Some useful governance actions you can enforce with Azure Policy include: ensuring your team deploys Azure resources only to allowed regions,
 enforcing the consistent application of taxonomic tags, and requiring resources to send diagnostic logs to a Log Analytics workspace.
 Azure users can use Azure Blueprints, Azure Policy, resource locks, and Service Trust Portal to help with governance and compliance of their Azure environments.

ARM is the deployment and management service for Azure. It provides a management layer that enables you to create,
update, and delete resources in an Azure account.

ARM templates define an application's infrastructure requirements for a repeatable deployment that is done in a consistent manner.
A validation step ensures that all resources can be created in the proper order based on dependencies, in parallel and idempotent.

Azure Advisor analyzes the account usage and makes recommendations based on its set and configured rules.
Azure Advisor evaluates Azure resources and makes recommendations to help improve reliability, security,
and performance, achieve operational excellence, and reduce costs.

Azure Service Health allows you keep track of Azure resource, both your specifically deployed resources and the overall status of Azure.
Azure Service Health is composed of Azure status, the service health service, and Resource
Service Health notifies you of Azure-related service issues, such as region-wide downtime.

Azure Monitor is a platform that collects metric and logging data, such as CPU percentages. The data can be used to trigger autoscaling.
Azure Monitor is a platform for collecting, analyzing, visualizing, and alerting based on metrics.
Azure Monitor can log data from an entire Azure and on-premises environment.
Application Insights is a feature of Azure Monitor that allows you to monitor running applications,
automatically detect performance anomalies, and use built-in analytics tools to see what users do on an app.


Incorrect: Data Catalog –– This enables data discovery.
Incorrect: Data Sharing –– This shares data within and between organizations.
Incorrect: Data Estate Insights –– This accesses data estate health.
Correct: Data Policy –– This governs access to data and datsets.

A resource is a manageable item that is available through Azure.
Virtual machines, storage accounts, web apps, databases, and virtual networks are examples of resources.

Management groups can be used in environments that have multiple subscriptions to streamline the application of governance conditions.

Resource groups can be used to organize Azure resources.
 Administrative units are used to delegate the administration of Microsoft Entra resources,
 such as users and groups.
 Accounts are used to provide access to resources.

 Availability zones are primarily for virtual machines, managed disks, load balancers, and SQL databases.
 You can link virtual networks together by using virtual network peering.
  Peering enables resources in each virtual network to communicate with each other.

ExpressRoute connections and Azure VPN Gateway are two services that you can use to connect an on-premises network to Azure. Bastion provides a web interface to remotely administer Azure virtual machines by using SSH/RDP.
Azure Firewall is a stateful firewall service used to protect virtual networks.

Azure Blob storage is an object storage solution that you can use to store massive amounts of unstructured data, such as text or binary data.

The Archive storage tier stores data offline and offers the lowest storage costs, but also the highest costs to rehydrate and access data.
The Hot storage tier is optimized for storing data that is accessed frequently.
Data in the Cool access tier can tolerate slightly lower availability,
but still requires high durability, retrieval latency, and throughput characteristics similar to hot data.

Azure Files offers fully managed file shares in the cloud that are accessible via industry-standard SMB and NFS protocols.
The objective of defense in depth is to use several layers of protection to prevent information from being accessed or stolen by unauthorized users.
Azure RBAC allows you to assign a set of permissions to a user or group.
Resource tags are used to locate and act on resources associated with specific workloads, environments,
business units, and owners. Resource locks prevent the accidental change or deletion of a resource.
Key Vault is a centralized cloud service for storing an application secrets in a single, central location.

An Azure RBAC role is applied to a scope, which is a resource or set of resources that the access applies to.
Resource locks prevent the accidental change or deletion of a resource.
Resource tags are used to locate and act on resources associated with specific workloads, environments, business units, and owners.
Policies enforce different rules across resource configurations so that the configurations stay compliant with corporate standards.


In a private cloud, hardware must be purchased for start up and maintenance. In a private cloud, organizations control resources and security. Quick provisioning is a characteristic of the public cloud deployment model.
Paying only for what is used is a characteristic of the public cloud deployment model.