1.You need to secure the Azure Functions to meet the security
requirements.
Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.
NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
• A. Store the RSA-HSM key in Azure Key Vault with soft-delete and purge-protection features
enabled.
• B. Store the RSA-HSM key in Azure Blob storage with an immutability policy applied to the
container.
• C. Create a free tier Azure App Configuration instance with a new Azure AD service principal.
• D. Create a standard tier Azure App Configuration instance with an assigned Azure AD managed
identity.
• E. Store the RSA-HSM key in Azure Cosmos DB. Apply the built-in policies for customer-managed
keys and allowed locations.
Answer: AD
Scenario: All Azure Functions must centralize management and distribution of configuration data for

2.
You need to implement the Azure Function for delivery driver profile information.
Which configurations should you use? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.
NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
Ans
Azure Identity library -
Store delivery driver profile information in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) by using an Azure Function
called from the corporate website.
Azure Key Vault
We recommend that you use a managed identity for applications deployed to Azure.
The preceding authentication scenarios are supported by the Azure Identity client library and integrated
with Key Vault SDKs.

3..QuestionYou need to grant access to the retail store location data for the inventory service
  development effort.
  What should you use?
  • A. Azure AD access token
  • B. Azure RBAC role
  • C. Shared access signature (SAS) token Ans
  • D. Azure AD ID token
  • E. Azure AD refresh token

4.You need to reliably identify the delivery driver profile information.
  How should you configure the system? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.
  Jwt TYpe -- id
  payload claim value is oid

5.You need to secure the Azure Functions to meet the security
  requirements.
  Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.
  NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point
   A. Store the RSA-HSM key in Azure Key Vault with soft-delete and purge-protection features
  enabled.
  • B. Store the RSA-HSM key in Azure Blob storage with an immutability policy applied to the
  container.
  • C. Create a free tier Azure App Configuration instance with a new Azure AD service principal.
  • D. Create a standard tier Azure App Configuration instance with an assigned Azure AD managed
  identity.
  • E. Store the RSA-HSM key in Azure Cosmos DB. Apply the built-in policies for customer-managed
  keys and allowed locations.
  Answer: AD

6.QuestionYou need to reduce read latency for the retail store solution.
  What are two possible ways to achieve the goal? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.
  NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
  • A. Create a new composite index for the store location data queries in Azure Cosmos DB. Modify
  the queries to support parameterized SQL and update the Azure Function app to call the new
  queries.
  • B. Provision an Azure Cosmos DB dedicated gateway. Update the Azure Function app connection
  string to use the new dedicated gateway endpoint.
  • C. Configure Azure Cosmos DB consistency to session consistency. Cache session tokens in a new
  Azure Redis cache instance after every write. Update reads to use the session token stored in
  Azure Redis.
  • D. Provision an Azure Cosmos DB dedicated gateway. Update blob storage to use the new
  dedicated gateway endpoint.
  • E. Configure Azure Cosmos DB consistency to strong consistency. Increase the RUs for the
  container supporting store location data.
  Answer: BC

7.Question
You need to audit the retail store sales transactions.
  What are two possible ways to achieve the goal? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.
  NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
  • A. Update the retail store location data upload process to include blob index tags. Create an
  Azure Function to process the blob index tags and filter by store location.
  • B. Process the change feed logs of the Azure Blob storage account by using an Azure Function.
  Specify a time range for the change feed data.
  • C. Enable blob versioning for the storage account. Use an Azure Function to process a list of the
  blob versions per day.
  • D. Process an Azure Storage blob inventory report by using an Azure Function. Create rule filters
  on the blob inventory report.
  • E. Subscribe to blob storage events by using an Azure Function and Azure Event Grid. Filter the
  events by store location.
  Answer: BE
  Scenario: Audit store sale transaction information nightly to validate data, process sales financials, and
  reconcile inventory.
  "Process the change feed logs of the Azure Blob storage account by using an Azure Function. Specify a
  time range for the change feed data": Change feed support is well-suited for scenarios that process data
  based on objects that have changed. For example, applications can:
  Store, audit, and analyze changes to your objects, over any period of time, for security, compliance or
  intelligence for enterprise data management.
  "Subscribe to blob storage events by using an Azure Function and Azure Event Grid. Filter the events by
  store location": Azure Storage events allow applications to react to events, such as the creation and
  deletion of blobs. It does so without the need for complicated code or expensive and inefficient polling
  services. The best part is you only pay for what you use.
  Blob storage events are pushed using Azure Event Grid to subscribers such as Azure Functions, Azure
  Logic Apps, or even to your own http listener. Event Grid provides reliable event delivery to your
  applications through rich retry policies and dead-lettering.

8. U need to implement event routing for retail store location data.
  source is Azure Blob Storage
  reciver is azure evnt grid
  handleer is azure logic
  Box 1: Azure Blob Storage -
  Azure event publishers and event handlers are at the core of the Event Grid routing-service. Event Grid
  listens to Azure event publishers, such as Blog Storage, then reacts by routing specific events to Azure
  event handlers, such as WebHooks. You can easily control this entire process at a granular level through
  event subscriptions and event filters.
  Box 2: Azure Event Grid -
  Azure Event Grid is a highly scalable event-routing service that listens for specific system events, then
  reacts to them according to your precise specifications. In the past, event handling has relied largely on
  polling ג€" a high latency, low-efficiency approach that can prove prohibitively expensive at scale.
  Box 3: Azure Logic App -
  Event Grid's supported event handlers currently include Event Hubs, WebHooks, Logic Apps, Azure
  Functions, Azure Automation and Microsoft Flow.

9.You need to implement the retail store location Azure Function
bindng -- http --> bindingi direction is input trigger is blob storage
Scenario: Retail store locations: Azure Functions must process data immediately when data is uploaded
to Blob storage.
Box 1: HTTP -
Binding configuration example: https://<storage_account_name>.blob.core.windows.net
Box 2: Input -
Read blob storage data in a function: Input binding
Box 3: Blob storage -
The Blob storage trigger starts a function when a new or updated blob is detected.
Azure Functions integrates with Azure Storage via triggers and bindings. Integrating with Blob storage

10.
You need to implement the corporate website.
How should you configure the solution
Plan -- standard
Service -azure service web app
A Web App is a web application that is hosted in an App Service. The App Service is the managed service
in Azure that enables you to deploy a web application and make it available to your customers on the
Internet in a very short amount of time.

11. You need to implement a solution to resolve the retail store location data issue
  A. Soft delete
• B. Change feed
• C. Snapshots
• D. Versioning
• E. Object replication
• F. Immutability
ABD
Scenario: You must perform a point-in-time restoration of the retail store location data due to an
unexpected and accidental deletion of data.
Before you enable and configure point-in-time restore, enable its prerequisites for the storage account:
soft delete, change feed, and blob versioning.
