 Azure Container Instances are a platform as a service (PaaS) offering.
 Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) is a container orchestration service


 Azure Functions is an event-driven, serverless compute that doesn’t require maintaining virtual machines or containers
 you're only charged for the CPU time used while your function runs.
 Functions can be either stateless or stateful.
 Stateless means they respond to an event
 Stateful (called Durable Functions), a context is passed through the function to track prior activity.

 App Services
 Web apps
 API apps
 WebJobs
 Mobile apps

  Azure virtual networking
  allows communication between Azure resources
  Communicate with on-premises resources
  Filter network traffic
  Connect virtual networks

 Azure virtual networking supports both public and private endpoints to enable communication
 between external or internal resources with other internal resources.

 You can divide that IP address space into subnets and allocate part of the defined address space to each named subnet.

 Communicate with on-premises resources
 Azure virtual networks enable you to link resources together in your on-premises environment and within your Azure subscription.

 Point-to-site virtual private network connections are from a computer outside your organization back into your corporate network.
  In this case, the client computer initiates an encrypted VPN connection to connect to the Azure virtual network.

 Site-to-site virtual private networks link your on-premises VPN device or gateway to the Azure VPN gateway in a virtual network.
 In effect, the devices in Azure can appear as being on the local network. The connection is encrypted and works over the internet.

 Azure ExpressRoute provides a dedicated private connectivity to Azure that doesn't travel over the internet.
 ExpressRoute is useful for environments where you need greater bandwidth and even higher levels of security.

Route network traffic
 Azure routes traffic between subnets on any connected virtual networks, on-premises networks, and the internet
 Route tables allow you to define rules about how traffic should be directed. u can create ur own custom tables

 Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) works with Azure VPN gateways, Azure Route Server, or Azure ExpressRoute
 to propagate on-premises BGP routes to Azure virtual networks.

 Filter network traffic
 Azure virtual networks enable you to filter traffic between subnets
 Network security groups are Azure resources that can contain multiple inbound and outbound security rules.
 You can define these rules to allow or block traffic, based on factors such as source and destination IP address, port, and protocol.

 Network virtual appliances are specialized VMs that can be compared to a hardened network appliance.
 A network virtual appliance carries out a particular network function, such as running a firewall or
 performing wide area network (WAN) optimization.

 Connect virtual networks
 Peering allows u to connect 2 virtual network the network is prvate and can be in separat regions

 User-defined routes (UDR) allow you to control the routing tables between subnets within a virtual network or between virtual networks.
 This allows for greater control over network traffic flow.