Describe Azure virtual private networks
Vpn {Virtual Private Network} connect 2 private networks over an untrusted network which is the internet.

VPn gatweways are virtual network gateways and are deployed in deicated network subnets
They help in
connect on premise datacenters to virtual networsts -- site to site connection
connect individual devise to virtula networks ,, point to point
Connect virtual networks to other virtual networks through a network-to-network connection.

Only one vpn gateway can be deployed in virtual network

When setting up a vpn u need to decide the policy ,, policy based or route based

Policy-based VPN gateways specify statically the IP address of packets that should be encrypted through each tunnel.
This type of device evaluates every data packet against those sets of IP addresses to choose the tunnel
where that packet is going to be sent through.

Route-based gateways, IPSec tunnels are modeled as a network interface or virtual tunnel interface.
Ip routing decides  which one of these tunnel interfaces{static or dynamic routing protocol} to use when sending each packet

Route-based Vpn gateways preferred connection method for on-premises devices. They're more resilient to topology changes such as the creation of new subnets.
Use a route-based VPN gateway for
Connections between virtual networks
Point-to-site connections
Multisite connections
Coexistence with an Azure ExpressRoute gateway

These are all High-availability scenarios

Active/StandBy
 VPN gateways are deployed as two instances in an active/standby configuration
When planned maintenance is affected the active instance , the standby takes in charge

Active/Active
With BGP routing protocol, you can also deploy VPN gateways in an active/active configuration.
 you assign a unique public IP address to each instance

ExpressRoute failover incase of expressroute failure u can use vpn gateways as an alternative

Zone-redundant gateways
 In regions that support availability zones VPN gateways and ExpressRoute gateways can be deployed in a zone-redundant configuration
 Deploying gateways in Azure availability zones physically and logically separates gateways within a region .
 These gateways require different gateway stock keeping units (SKUs) and use Standard public IP addresses instead of Basic public IP addresses.
