Infrastructure as a Service
Infrastructure as a service (IaaS) is the most flexible category of cloud services,
 as it provides you the maximum amount of control for your cloud resources.

the cloud provider is responsible for maintaining the hardware, network connectivity (to the internet), and physical security
you’re essentially renting the hardware in a cloud datacenter,

Shared responsibilty model puts the most responsibilty on IAAS


Lift-and-shift migration: You’re setting up cloud resources similar to your on-prem datacenter,
and then simply moving the things running on-prem to running on the IaaS infrastructure.
Testing and development: You have established configurations for development and test environments
that you need to rapidly replicate.
 You can start up or shut down the different environments rapidly with an IaaS structure, while maintaining complete control.

Platform as a service (PaaS) is a middle ground between renting space in a
datacenter (infrastructure as a service) and paying for a complete and deployed solution (software as a service)
In a PaaS scenario, you don't have to worry about the licensing or patching for operating systems and databases.

PaaS splits the responsibility between you and the cloud provide
maintains physical hardware,internet,os,databases,devlopmemnt tool

Development framework: PaaS provides a framework that developers can build upon to develop or customize cloud-based applications.
Similar to the way you create an Excel macro, PaaS lets developers create applications using built-in software components.
 Cloud features such as scalability, high-availability, and multi-tenant capability are included, reducing the amount of coding that developers must do.
Analytics or business intelligence: Tools provided as a service with PaaS allow organizations to analyze and mine their data,
finding insights and patterns and predicting outcomes to improve forecasting, product design decisions,
 investment returns, and other business decisions.



SAAS
In a SaaS environment you’re responsible for the data that you put into the system
Email and messaging.
Business productivity applications.
Finance and expense tracking.