Microsoft Entra ID is a directory service that enables
you to sign in and access both Microsoft cloud applications and cloud applications
 that you develop.
 It is similar Azure Active Directory
maintain your on-premises Active Directory deployment.
Microsoft Entra ID is Microsoft's cloud-based identity and access management service helps u  control the identity accounts
When you connect Active Directory with Microsoft Entra ID it tracks all the suspicios signin
it detects sign-in attempts from unexpected locations or unknown devices.

Who uses Microsoft Entra Id?
IT administrators. -- Use to control access to applications and resources
Developers - to add functionality to the application like sso
Users - can manage their identities and take maintenance actions like self-service password reset.
Online service subscribers. Microsoft 365, Microsoft Office 365, Azure,
and Microsoft Dynamics CRM Online subscribers use thus Microsft Entra Id
to authenticate their account.

What does it do ??
Authentication - verify identity to access app and resources ,, include ,, password reset,mfa,banned passwords self service
Single sign 0n -- one user/pwd for multiple app,now if user leaves org or changes role ,, easy to deactivate or elevate prvilegs
App Management -- mange cloud and on-premise like Application Proxy, SaaS apps, the My Apps portal, and single sign-on by using Microsoft Entra Id
Devices- Registration on devices enables devices to be managed through tools like Microsoft Intune.
Device based control irrespective of account.

Can I connect my on-premises AD with Microsoft Entra ID?
If you had an on-premises environment running Active Directory and a cloud deployment using Microsoft Entra ID,then we need to maintain 2 diff identity sets
but we can connect bith Ad and MEi
One method of connecting Microsoft Entra ID with your on-premises AD is using Microsoft Entra Connect.

What is Microsoft Entra Domain Services?
lets you run legacy applications in the cloud
Microsoft Entra Domain Services integrates with your existing Microsoft Entra tenant.
This integration lets users sign into services and applications connected to the managed domain using their existing credentials
Microsoft Entra tenant represents an instance of Microsoft Entra service like  your organization's user accounts, groups, permissions,
and other identity-related configurations.

How does Microsoft Entra Domain Services work?
When you create a Microsoft Entra Domain Services managed domain, you define a unique namespace
Two Windows Server known ass domain controllers are then deployed into your selected Azure region aslo konw as replica set
Azure manages,configures,patches uodates encryption and everything realted to patcehs

Is information synchronized?
A managed domain performs a one-way synchronization from Microsoft Entra ID to Microsoft Entra Domain Services.
You can create resources directly in the managed domain, but they aren't synchronized back to Microsoft Entra ID.
In a hybrid environment Microsoft Entra Connect synchronizes identity information with Microsoft Entra ID,
which is then synchronized to the managed domain.


What's single sign-on?
Single Identity user is tied to multiple applcautions
Single sign-on is only as secure as the initial authenticator
because the subsequent connections are all based on the security of the initial authenticator.

MFA - extra form of identifation {additional security} which is basically a code sent to ur phone
Mfa requires two or more elements to fully authenticate.
Something the user knows – this might be a challenge question.
Something the user has – this might be a code that's sent to the user's mobile phone.
Something the user is – this is typically some sort of biometric property, such as a fingerprint or face scan.

an attacker who has a user's password would also need to have possession of their phone or their fingerprint to fully authenticate.

MFA vs Single Sign on.
SSO  an attacker would need only a username and password to authenticate.
MFA attacker should be enabled wherever possible because it adds enormous benefits to security.

What's Microsoft Entra multifactor authentication?
Microsoft Entra multifactor authentication enables users to choose an additional form of
authentication during sign-in, such as a phone call or mobile app notification.

What’s passwordless authentication?
users often get frustrated with the additional security
 Passwordless authentication is convenient where ur password is removed an replaced with something u have,u are, and u know
 Passwordless authentication needs to be set up on a device before it can work.
 For example, your computer is something you have.
 Once it’s been registered or enrolled, Azure now knows that it’s associated with you.
 Now that the computer is known, once you provide something you know or are (such as a PIN or fingerprint),
  you can be authenticated without using a password.

Microsoft global Azure and Azure Government provides passwordless authentication options integrate with  Microsoft Entra ID:
1. Windows Hello for Business - information workers that have their own designated Windows PC.
biometric and PIN are driectly tied to the pc
With public key infrastructure (PKI) integration and built-in support for single sign-on (SSO)
Microsoft Authenticator app
FIDO2 security keys - FIDO (Fast IDentity Online)  latest standard that incorporates the web authentication (WebAuthn) standard
 is an open standard for passwordless authentication.
 It allows users to sigin in to their resource s without a username or password by using an
 external security key or a platform key built into a device.
  FIDO2 security keys are typically USB devices, but could also use Bluetooth or NFC
