Azure _____ is a monitoring and performance analysis tool for apps.
application insights


Which service within the Azure DevOps suite allows you to create continuous workflows to build, test and deploy code?
Azure pipelines

Which service within the Azure DevOps suite allows you to quickly create disposable,
non-production environments with additional tools to control costs?
Azure Dev Test Labs

you're new to AI, what is the best place to start when using Azure

Microsoft offers lots of different AI services.
If you're new to AI, then the best place to start is Azure Cognitive Services.
This is a collection of pre-built artificial intelligence tools.
These services let you add AI capabilities to applications even if you don't know anything about machine learning.

Which Azure service should you use if you want to provide load balancing for VMs or web apps that are distributed across multiple regions?
Azure Traffic Manager.

Which Azure management service informs you about problems with the Azure platform itself and upcoming maintenance events?
Microsoft also provides a dashboard called Service Health where you can find out about problems
with the Azure platform itself as well as upcoming maintenance events.
You can even create alerts so you'll be notified of both planned and unplanned outages.

Microsoft also offers a solution called Azure Sphere to make your IoT devices more secure.
 It includes certified chips, the Azure Sphere operating system, and the Azure Sphere Security Service,
 all of which provide layers of protection for your IoT devices.

 Azure Policy
 This is based on policies that you create in a service called, naturally, Azure Policy.
  For example, if someone in your organization creates a subscription that doesn't
  have your regulatory policy controls assigned to it, then it will show up in this compliance panel.

 Azure Databricks is a similar service because it runs Spark as well, but it's more user-friendly and easier to manage than HDInsight.

 Azure's oldest analytics services HdInsight

 Containers are somewhat like virtual machines except they don't include the operating system.
 This makes it easy to deploy them because they're very lightweight compared to virtual machines.
  In fact, containers run on virtual machines.
 Microsoft provides a variety of ways to run containers.
 The simplest way is to use Azure Container Instances. This service lets you run a container using a single command.

Microsoft also provides a dashboard called Service Health where you can find out about problems
with the Azure platform itself as well as upcoming maintenance events.
You can even create alerts so you'll be notified of both planned and unplanned outages.
