Describe Azure storage redundancy?
Azure Storage always stores multiple copies of your data

The factors that help determine which redundancy option you should choose.
How your data is replicated in the primary region.
Whether your data is replicated to a second region that is geographically distant to the primary region, to protect against regional disasters.
Whether your application requires read access to the replicated data in the secondary region if the primary region becomes unavailable.

Redundancy in the primary region
Date replication is done 3 times in primary region.
2 options locally redundant storage (LRS) and zone-redundant storage (ZRS).

Locally redundant storage LRS  lowest-cost redundancy option and offers the least durability
 data is replicated 3 times in a datacenter.
 11 nines of durability (99.999999999%)


 Zone-redundant storage -
 data is replicated 3 times within the avail zone in the primary region
 data is replicated asynchronously ocross 3 avail zones in the primary region
 offers 12 nines (99.9999999999%)
 data is still accessible for both read and write operations even if a zone becomes unavailable
 if zone is unavailable Azure undertakes networking updates, such as DNS repointing which may affect acces of data before updates are finished

 Redundancy in a secondary region
 For applications requiring high durability
 Now this will be based ib Azure region pairs where 2nd region is 300 miles away

 2 options
 geo-redundant storage (GRS) and geo-zone-redundant storage (GZRS)
 By default, data in the secondary region isn't available for read or write access unless there's a failover to the secondary region.
 After the failover has completed, the secondary region becomes the primary region, and you can again read and write data.

 Failovers
 data is replicated to the secondary region asynchronously,a failure that affects the primary region
 may result in data loss if the primary region can't be recovered.

The interval between the most recent writes to the primary region
and the last write to the secondary region is known as the recovery point objective (RPO)
RPO is point in  time when the data is recovered , rpo is 15 mins but bo sla

Geo-redundant storage -> 3 times asynchronously in primary region and single async in secondary region using lrs
offers durability of 16 nines (99.99999999999999%)

Geo-zone-redundant storage - data is replicated across 3 avil zones and one avail zone in secondary region

GZRS for applications requiring maximum consistency, durability, and availability, excellent performance, and resilience for disaster recovery.
. For read access to the secondary region,
enable read-access geo-redundant storage (RA-GRS) or read-access geo-zone-redundant storage (RA-GZRS).

Remember that the data in your secondary region may not be up-to-date due to RPO.


