1.Your company has an Azure subscription.
  You need to deploy a number of Azure virtual machines to the subscription by using Azure Resource
  Manager (ARM) templates. The virtual machines will be included in a single availability set.
  You need to ensure that the ARM template allows for as many virtual machines as possible to remain
  accessible in the event of fabric failure or maintenance.
  Which of the following is the value that you should configure for the platformUpdateDomainCount
  property?
  • A. 10
  • B. 20
  • C. 30
  • D. 40
  Answer: B

2.You are configuring a new development environment for a Java application.
  The environment requires a Virtual Machine Scale Set (VMSS), several storage accounts, and networking
  components.
  The VMSS must not be created until the storage accounts have been successfully created and an
  associated load balancer and virtual network is configured.
  How should you complete the Azure Resource Manager template? To answer, select the appropriate
  options in the answer area.
  NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
  Box 1: copyIndex -
  copy
  dependon

3. You are developing an application to use Azure Blob storage. You have configured Azure Blob storage to
   include change feeds.
   A copy of your storage account must be created in another region. Data must be copied from the current
   storage account to the new storage account directly between the storage servers.
   You need to create a copy of the storage account in another region and copy the data.
   create a new template
   export
   modify the template by chaging the storage account name and region
   deploy to crfeate new region in target region
   use azcopy

   To get started, export, and then modify a Resource Manager template.

4. Azure Resource Manager test toolkit - follow recommended practices
  waht if operation  --> test and validate template changes

5.app is deployed to multiple regions and uses
  Azure Traffic Manager. Application Insights is enabled for the app.
  You need to analyze app uptime for each month.
  Which two solutions will achieve the goal

  A. Azure Monitor logs
  • B. Application Insights alerts
  • C. Azure Monitor metrics
  • D. Application Insights web tests

  bc

6.Box 1: DynamicThresholdCriterion
  Box 2: Http5xx -
  Server errors are in the 5xx range.
  Client errors are in the 4xx range
  Box 3: Low


5.The VMs contain code that must access resources in an Azure resource group. You grant the VM access to
  the resource group in Resource Manager.
  You need to obtain an access token that uses the VM's system-assigned managed identity.
  Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.
  • A. From the code on the VM, call Azure Resource Manager using an access token.
  • B. Use PowerShell on a remote machine to make a request to the local managed identity for
  Azure resources endpoint.
  CloudCertified Practice Tests
  • C. Use PowerShell on the VM to make a request to the local managed identity for Azure
  resources endpoint.
  • D. From the code on the VM, call Azure Resource Manager using a SAS token.
  • E. From the code on the VM, generate a user delegation SAS token.
  Answer: AC

6.You are developing a road tollway tracking application that sends tracking events by using Azure Event
  Hubs using premium tier.
  Each road must have a throttling policy uniquely assigned.
  You need to configure the event hub to allow for per-road throttling.
  What should you do?
  • A. Use a unique consumer group for each road.
  • B. Ensure each road stores events in a different partition.
  • C. Ensure each road has a unique connection string.
  • D. Use a unique application group for each road. ans

7.You develop and deploy an ASP.NET Core application that connects to an Azure Database for MySQL
  instance.
  Connections to the database appear to drop intermittently and the application code does not handle the
  connection failure.
  You need to handle the transient connection errors in code by implementing retries.
  What are three possible ways to achieve this goal? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.
  NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
  • A. Close the database connection and immediately report an error.
  • B. Disable connection pooling and configure a second Azure Database for MySQL instance.
  • C. Wait five seconds before repeating the connection attempt to the database.
  • D. Set a maximum number of connection attempts to 10 and report an error on subsequent
  connections.
  • E. Increase connection repeat attempts exponentially up to 120 seconds.
  Answer: ACD