1.
You are developing a .Net web application that stores data in Azure Cosmos DB. The application must use
the Core API and allow millions of reads and writes.
The Azure Cosmos DB account has been created with multiple write regions enabled. The application has
been deployed to the East US2 and Central US regions.
You need to update the application to support multi-region writes.
What are two possible ways to achieve this goal? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.
NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
CloudCertified Practice Tests
• A. Update the ConnectionPolicy class for the Cosmos client and populate the PreferredLocations
property based on the geo-proximity of the application.
• B. Update Azure Cosmos DB to use the Strong consistency level. Add indexed properties to the
container to indicate region.
• C. Update the ConnectionPolicy class for the Cosmos client and set the
UseMultipleWriteLocations property to true.
• D. Create and deploy a custom conflict resolution policy.
• E. Update Azure Cosmos DB to use the Session consistency level. Send the SessionToken
property value from the FeedResponse object of the write action to the end-user by using a
cookie.
Answer: CD

2.
You are updating an application that stores data on Azure and uses Azure Cosmos DB for storage. The
application stores data in multiple documents associated with a single username.
The application requires the ability to update multiple documents for a username in a single ACID
operation.
You need to configure Azure Cosmos DB.
Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.
NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
• A. Create a collection sharded on username to store documents.
• B. Configure Azure Cosmos DB to use the Gremlin API.
• C. Create an unsharded collection to store documents.
• D. Configure Azure Cosmos DB to use the MongoDB API.
CD

3.You plan to develop two apps named App1 and App2 that will use the change feed functionality to track
  changes to containers. App1 will use the pull model and App2 will use the push model.
  You need to choose the method to track the most recently processed change in App1 and App2.
  Which component should you use?
  Components
 App1 --> Continuation Token
 App2 --> lease container

4.You are developing a Java application that uses Cassandra to store key and value data. You plan to use a
  new Azure Cosmos DB resource and the Cassandra
  API in the application. You create an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) group named Cosmos DB Creators
  to enable provisioning of Azure Cosmos accounts, databases, and containers.
  The Azure AD group must not be able to access the keys that are required to access the data.
  You need to restrict access to the Azure AD group.
  Which role-based access control should you use?
  • A. DocumentDB Accounts Contributor
  • B. Cosmos Backup Operator
  • C. Cosmos DB Operator
  • D. Cosmos DB Account Reader
  Answer: C
  Azure Cosmos Db operator

  notes
  Example of In-partition query:
  Consider the below query with an equality filter on DeviceId. If we run this query on a container
  partitioned on DeviceId, this query will filter to a single physical partition.
  SELECT * FROM c WHERE c.DeviceId = 'XMS-0001'

  In order to be an in-partition query, the query must have an equality filter that includes the
  partition key:
  SELECT * FROM c WHERE c.DeviceId > 'XMS-0001'

5.You are developing a Java application to be deployed in Azure. The application stores sensitive data in
  Azure Cosmos DB
  You need to configure Always Encrypted to encrypt the sensitive data inside the application.
  A. Create a new container to include an encryption policy with the JSON properties to be
  encrypted.
  • B. Create a customer-managed key (CMK) and store the key in a new Azure Key Vault instance.
  • C. Create a data encryption key (DEK) by using the Azure Cosmos DB SDK and store the key in
  Azure Cosmos DB.
  • D. Create an Azure AD managed identity and assign the identity to a new Azure Key Vault
  instance.
  Correct Answer: B

6. You need to configure key rotation and enable key expiry notifications.
Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.
NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
• A. Create and configure a new Azure Event Grid instance.
• B. Configure Azure Key Vault alerts.
• C. Create and assign an Azure Key Vault access policy.
• D. Create and configure a key rotation policy during key creation.
Correct Answer: AD
Question #64Topic 4


7. for cosmos db set the ttl to -1 - the change feed will remain util the date is delted
                         ttl to 0 -- means change feed will persist data forever
                         tt  to 1 -- not possible


cosmos db create
az cosmosdb create
-n $account name
-g $groupname
--capabilities EnableTbale
--default-consistency everntual

az cosmosdb table create
