1.You have an application that includes an Azure Web app and several Azure Function apps. Application
secrets including connection strings and certificates are stored in Azure Key Vault.
Secrets must not be stored in the application or application runtime environment. Changes to Azure
Active Directory (Azure AD) must be minimized.
You need to design the approach to loading application secrets.
What should you do?
• A. Create a single user-assigned Managed Identity with permission to access Key Vault and
configure each App Service to use that Managed Identity.
• B. Create a single Azure AD Service Principal with permission to access Key Vault and use a client
secret from within the App Services to access Key Vault.
• C. Create a system assigned Managed Identity in each App Service with permission to access Key
Vault.
• D. Create an Azure AD Service Principal with Permissions to access Key Vault for each App Service
and use a certificate from within the App Services to access Key Vault.
Answer: A

2.You are developing an Azure-hosted application that must use an on-premises hardware security module
  (HSM) key.
  The key must be transferred to your existing Azure Key Vault by using the Bring Your Own Key (BYOK)
  process.
  You need to securely transfer the key to Azure Key Vault.
  Which four actions should you perform in sequence
  Step 1: Generate a Key Exchange Key (KEK).
  Step 2: Retrieve the Key Exchange Key (KEK) public key.
  Step 3: Generate a key transfer blob file by using the HSM vendor-provided tool.
  Step 4: Run the az keyvault key import command

3.You are developing an Azure Function that calls external APIs by providing an access token for the API.
  The access token is stored in a secret named token in an
  Azure Key Vault named mykeyvault.
  You need to ensure the Azure Function can access to the token. Which value should you store in the
  Azure Function App configuration?
  • A. KeyVault:mykeyvault;Secret:token
  • B. App:Settings:Secret:mykeyvault:token
  • C. AZUREKVCONNSTR_ https://mykeyveult.vault.ezure.net/secrets/token/
  • D. @Microsoft.KeyVault(SecretUri=https://mykeyvault.vault.azure.net/secrets/token/)
  Answer: D

4.You develop and deploy an Azure App Service web app named App1. You create a new Azure Key Vault
  named Vault1. You import several API keys, passwords, certificates, and cryptographic keys into Vault1.
  You need to grant App1 access to Vault1 and automatically rotate credentials. Credentials must not be
  stored in code.
  What should you do?
  • A. Enable App Service authentication for Appl. Assign a custom RBAC role to Vault1.
  • B. Add a TLS/SSL binding to App1.
  • C. Upload a self-signed client certificate to Vault1. Update App1 to use the client certificate.
  • D. Assign a managed identity to App1.