IAM - Identiy And Access Mangement
Iam is a global service - iam user is a root user with too many permisssions
 and we need to makes sure  it does not have many permissions and hence
we create users -- groups users attach policies to the user or groups
policy attached to the group is inherited by the users in that group
IAM User Groups can contain only IAM Users.

Protect the users and group -- 1.PaaswordPolicy {paswword length/ char/alphanumeric} 2.MFA
MultiFactorAuthentication
Virtual MFA DEVICE google authenticator

How can we access aws  3 options?
1. aws management console (protected by password+mfa)
2.aws cli --> access keys
3. aws sdk -- accessing apis thru access keys


Iam Role - is an entity that defines a set of permissions for making request to aws and will be used by an aws service
Allows EC2 instances to call AWS services on your behalf.
roles allow entities{like ec2 intsance/aws lamda} in the AWS to
 get credentials for a short duration and to do whatever they need to do.

Create a role --role-->Aws service{ec2/lambda} basically allow these service to perform some actions-->
assign a policy {IAMReadOnlyAccess} and give the role a name

Iam Security Tool
Iam credentials Report -- a report showing all users and their status
IAM Access Advisor -- shows the service permission granted to a user when those services were last accessed
u can revise ur policies using them

click --> credential report
users-->select the user -->access advisor


Best Iam guideline to user
Dont use the root account expept for aws account setup
assign users to groups and assing permissions to the groups
enable mfa , create users and roles to allow servoce to access aws features
use access keys  for programmtic access (cli/skdk)

IAM SUMMARY
User - root user , IAm user having certain permissions
Groups - contains user , policies defien the permissions for groups/users
roles for ec2 /lambda instances
security : mfa
aws cli sdk access keys
audit cred report and access advisor

Questionss
IAM Users access AWS services using their own credentials (username & password or Access Keys).
Use the root account only to create your first IAM User and a few account/service management tasks. For everyday tasks, use an IAM User.
Which principle should you apply regarding IAM Permissions? - Grant least privilege
IAM User Groups can contain only IAM Users.
A statement in an IAM Policy consists of Sid, Effect, Principal, Action, Resource, and Condition. Version is part of the IAM Policy itself, not the statement.





