API Management provides different ways to authenticate users.
Subscriptions are a mechanism for granting access to APIs in API Management.
You saw previously that APIM subscriptions are enabled by default when you created your API.
Subscriptions provide an API consumer with a subscription key that they can include in requests to grant access to an API.
Subscriptions can grant access at the following scopes:

Product
All APIs (every API in an API Management instance)
An Individual API
When you created the consumption-tier APIM instance, a default all API subscription was created automatically.
That default subscription allows the requests to succeed when using the portal's built-in test mechanism.
It is recommended to create a different key for each API consumer.

As you saw earlier, requiring a subscription can be enabled or disabled.
You will re-enable the requirement for a subscription on your API in this lab step and understand
how subscription keys are used in requests. Lastly, you will see how to create new subscriptions.

Step 1
click on the any api -- goto test --> HTTP request
Back in the portal Test tab, click on the eye icon, and observe the HTTP Request section:

The Ocp-Apim-Subscription-Key request header with the default subscription key value assigned
(you can reveal the actual value by clicking the eye icon in the upper-right corner).
 There is also an additional header included that allows you to trace the handling of the request.

With the subscription key included the request returns a success code.
The response body all of the HTTP headers, which is what httpbin's /get operation is expected to do.
 Notice API Management has added additional headers.

Step2
Click the Trace tab and observe the time that each phase takes and glance through the trace details.

You may also want to try adding the subscription-key URL query parameter
(append _?subscription-key= to the URL) to confirm that your browser can get a successful response
to the /get operation with a subscription key provided in the URL.

Step3
Click Subscriptions in the APIM sidebar:

The default Built-in all-access subscription key is the only one on the list.
Also, note that subscription keys have a primary and secondary key which makes it possible to rotate
keys without downtime because the primary and secondary keys can be regenerated indepent of one another.

The Allow tracing setting needs to be enabled to support tracing.
 You may not want tracing enabled for external consumers.

Click Add subscription to familiarize yourself with the available settings for subscriptions.

It is not necessary to create another subscription for this lab,
but you may create a subscription and test that the key works when provided as a URL query parameter for your API.

In this lab step,
you learned about APIM subscriptions and how they can be used to restrict access to APIs.
 Subscriptions include two keys that allow you to rotate keys in case a key is leaked.
 An all API subscription gets created when you created the consumption tier API Management instance by default.

