Kubernetes alone is like buying the hardware, OS, and orchestration software to run containers—you install everything.
AKS is like renting a fully-managed container-orchestration “cluster” from Azure: you focus on your apps, they keep the control plane healthy.

Whether self-managed or managed (AKS, GKE, EKS, etc.), the core intuition is the same: containers = packing,
Kubernetes = long-term room service—always ensuring your apps run where and how you specified.


Now what is helm
helm is a apcakge manger for kubernetes -- helps to package,version,share and deploy entire kubernets applications
like apt for Ubuntu, npm for Node.js, or Maven for Java.

In Kubernetes, deploying an app means writing a lot of YAML files:
	•	deployment.yaml
	•	service.yaml
	•	configmap.yaml
	•	ingress.yaml
	•	secret.yaml
…and so on.
Doing this manually for every environment (dev, test, prod) quickly becomes painful.

Helm solves this by allowing you to bundle all these YAMLs into a single reusable template package called a Helm Chart.


Why We Use Helm

Without Helm:
	•	You must maintain dozens of YAMLs.
	•	To deploy to different environments, you duplicate them and change a few lines.
	•	Upgrading apps means manually applying multiple kubectl apply commands.

With Helm:
	•	You define one Chart (a template for your app).
	•	You provide environment-specific values in a values.yaml file.
	•	You can install, upgrade, rollback, and uninstall apps with one command.

basic commands u can use
helm install myapp ./mychart --values=values-prod.yaml
helm upgrade myapp ./mychart --values=values-prod.yaml
helm rollback myapp 2

Analogy
Kubernets is a A kitchen that cooks and serves containers (applications)

A recipe manager / cookbook that knows exactly what ingredients (YAMLs) are needed and in what quantity
(values) to make a dish (deploy an app).

        The Helm Chart = the recipe (template)
	•	The values.yaml = the ingredients list for a specific meal (environment)
	•	helm install = “Make me this dish in my kitchen (cluster)”
	•	helm upgrade = “Change the recipe slightly — add more salt or servings (update version or replicas)”
	•	helm rollback = “Oops, go back to the previous recipe version!”

Let’s say you want to deploy a Spring Boot API on AKS.
Without Helm:
kubectl apply -f deployment.yaml
kubectl apply -f service.yaml
kubectl apply -f ingress.yaml

And you maintain separate YAMLs for dev, staging, and prod.

With Helm:
You create a folder springboot-api/:

springboot-api/
├── Chart.yaml          # chart metadata (name, version, etc.)
├── templates/
│   ├── deployment.yaml # uses placeholders like {{ .Values.replicas }}
│   ├── service.yaml
│   └── ingress.yaml
└── values.yaml         # sets replicas, image tag, ports, etc.

now just run
helm install springapi ./springboot-api
Helm renders all templates, fills values, and deploys everything to Kubernetes
Change config? Update values.yaml and run helm upgrade springapi ./springboot-api.