This will deal with 2ndpart of the flow from the commadn handler to the processor

what is an event store ??
its like a database , but instead of storing the current state ,it stores a sequence of domain events
the source of truth is the list of events ,not rows in tables
example
HearingId: 123
- HearingCreated
- HearingScheduled
- HearingSequenced

Event stream is a list of events with a stream id/aggreagte id -- usually the hearing id ,,
You load all events from this stream to reconstruct the aggregate

what is an Aggregate
It is a domain object the encapsulates the business logic and state
REbuilt from the event stream
Has internal state like date, courtId, sequence
Exposes methods like scheduleHearing() or sequenceHearingDays()

Aggregate is a pattern described in Domain-Driven Design (DDD) that logically groups different entities
by binding entities to an aggregate root.
The aggregate pattern provides transactional consistency between the entities.

CQRS naturally benefits from the aggregate pattern,
 which groups the write domain model, providing transactional guarantees.
  Aggregates normally hold a cached state for better performance but can work perfectly without it.

Projection/Projector:
Projection is another important pattern which greatly benefits CQRS.
Projection essentially means representing domain objects in different shapes and structures.

These projections of original data are read-only and highly optimized to provide an enhanced read experience.
We may again decide to cache projections for better performance, but that's not a necessity.

 An aggregate that's responsible for taking commands and handling them. Aggregates may accept or reject a command:
The aggregate uses a repository to retrieve the current state and persist any changes to it.
Moreover, it may store the current state locally to avoid the round-trip cost to a repository while processing every command.

Finally, we need a repository to hold the state of the domain model. This will typically be a database or other durable store, but here we'll simply replace them with an in-memory data structure:




UPstream --> The system or service that sends the command or event
Downstream	The system that reacts to the event (e.g., sends email, updates search index)

In your example:
Command API is upstream
Event Processor + View Store + Notification Publisher = downstream



