Developers are most often facing challenges to store and manage secrets and credentials
 while building a solution for an organization.
 Azure Key Vault offers a secure implementation of a secret management solution with a wide range of capabilities to support the development needs.
  It eliminates the need for developers to handle secret management.

While building web-based solutions, including API, and web applications,
 it is crucial to secure and manage the environment variables in a central location for ease of use.

In this hands-on lab, you will learn how to secure the application settings on a web app using Key Vault referenced secrets in the Azure Portal.

Upon completion of this advanced-level lab, you will be able to:

Add secrets to Key Vault resource
Azurez managed identities in Azure
Create application settings using the Key Vault reference


Azure Key Vault is centralized secret storage that allows you to control the distribution and access to the secrets.
Access to the keys requires proper authentication and authorization before access is granted.

In this lab step, you will add the application settings values to Key Vault as a secret using the Azure Portal.

Steps
1.  select cosmos db services --> select the  Cosmos DB resource from the list named calacal##
2. From the left blade menu, choose Keys under Settings. Copy and store the PRIMARY CONNECTIONS STRING:

The keys section contains the primary and secondary access keys along with the connection string for the Cosmos DB account for programmatic access.
 You will need to store the connection string in the Key Vault for secret reference by the web app.

3. Click Data Explorer from the left blade menu and expand the database ToDoList under NOSQL API:
 The database named ToDoList along with a container Items is already created in the lab.
  You will use these two resources while connecting the web app to the Cosmos DB account.

4 . To access the Key Vault to store the secrets,
  type vaultcal in the Azure Portal search bar and select the only listed Key vault resource under Resources:

5 .From the left blade menu, select Secrets and the click + Generate/Import to start adding the secrets to the vault:
   Use the following information to create the first secret entry and click Create once done:

   Upload options: Ensure Manual is selected
   Name: Enter cosmos-connection-string
   Secret value: Paste the PRIMARY CONNECTIONS STRING copied in the instruction 3.

 6. Click +Generate/Import again and add the following two secrets:

    Secret 1
    Name: Enter database-name
    Secret value: Enter ToDoList
    Secret 2
    Name: Enter container-name
    Secret value: Enter Items
    The final secrets view will look like this:

 7. Click the secret called cosmos-connection-string and select the current version of the secret:
 8. Copy and store the Secret Identifier from the secret window:

 The secret identifier URL is the fully qualified URL to access the URL programmatically,
  provided the user has appropriate access to the secret value.
  While accessing the key vault secret from web app application settings, you'll refer to this URL while configuring the settings.

 Similarly, you will need to access the other two secrets and store the secret identifier URL for later use.

 secret identifier for connection string
 https://vaultcal1421ceb.vault.azure.net/secrets/cosmos-connection-string/58f1740130024478a91ec0ef216f2811

 databse name
 https://vaultcal1421ceb.vault.azure.net/secrets/database-name/3bbf18bc3e7646e383952270bc73a926

 container name
 https://vaultcal1421ceb.vault.azure.net/secrets/container-name/b05d016f6f2846fdb95f779a1e720208
