1. stored procedures/triggres are stored at what level
   containers
2. partition key ?? how to consturct them
   using concatenation from the properties of the item --> these are called synthetic keys

3. Availability set is a logical grouping of vms in a data center . 2 or more vms are required for 99.9% sla
4. 2 way u can sign sas
    used delegation key
    storage account key

5. public client app -- apps that run on devices or desktop computers or in a web browser cannot hold secrets
                        Confidential client applications apps run on web servers daemon app, difficult to access and can hold secrets

 6. azure key vault supports protocol versioning to provide compatibilty with down level clients.
    you have to specify an api version using the parameter key vault, it does not have default  version

 7. Azure app configuration u can manage application setting and feature flags
    App config stores configuration data as key-value pairs
    Ans is You can create multiple versions of a key value
           Specify multiple environments  for the same key

  8. Im APIM Azure portal is where u setup policies like quotas
  9.  otherwise option is optional in control flow policy
  10. the return response policies default policy is 200 ok
  11. in azure event grid ,, event define what is happening in the system

  12. types of authentication in azure evnt grid
      custom topic publishing -- using active directory . only trusted apps with valid creds can publish events to topics
                                 using sas shared access signature for accessing resource for limited time ,,
                                 for publishing events  without using long lived credentials
      event subscription      -- Azure AD Authentication when subscribing to an event azure ad can authenticate the identity of  the subscriber,
                                 ensuring only a
                              -- managed indentity -- authenticate users without managing credentials
      webhook event delivery   -- validate tokemns -- sneds valid code to endpoint ,
                                auth headers

   13. Azure event hub is a paas service

   14 . primary class for interacting with azure event hubs
        Micorosft.azure.eventhubs.EventHubClient

   15. Advanced features of service bus in azure
       1. message sessions - guarnatees fifo , implements request-response patterns
       2. auto-forwarding - chain queue/subscription to another queue/subsription , when auto -forwarding is enable automatically
                            removes message from fist queuue/subs and put in destunation queu
       3. Dead-lettering - second subqueue called dlq ,, msgs which are not processed are put into dlq , u can remove inspect ,resubmit the
                       msg later
       4. Scheduled delivery - u can submit a message to the queue/topic for being scheduled like process a messages at certain time
       5. Message deferral - when there is a msg in queue/topic but cannot be processed currently due to some circumstance ,,u can
                             defer that msg to a lter point
       6. transactions -- gouping of operation to be executed in a single execution
       7. filters/actions - filter msgs for queue and topics -- rule with filter condtions
       8. auto-delete on idle - specify an idle interval after which queue is automatically deleted -- minduration is 5 ins
       9. duplicate detection --
       10. batch deletion of messages
       11. security -- serbvice bus supports --> sas,rbac,manage identiteis amqp and hhtp/rest
       12, Geo-disaster recovery - Geo-disaster recovery enables data processing to continue operating in a different region or datacenter.

   16. azure service bus can tolerate not processing a message  if a failure occurs
      recieveanddelete --  Suitable for scenarios where message loss is acceptable but less reliable for processing
                           the message is immediately deleted from the queue once it is received
                           low fault tolerance -- message are lost if any failure occurs
      peeklock-: Best for scenarios requiring high reliability, allowing messages to be retried without loss
                message remains in the queue and is not deleted until the processing is confirmed.
                has high fault tolerance iff processing fails, the lock will expire, and the message will return to the queue for reprocessing
                allows for reliable processing and prevents message loss.

   17. in azure queue storage what is the default ttl
         7 days

   18. in azure queue storage what is used to deuque a message
       get -- to get the next message in queue
       delete

   19. ServerTelemetryChannel has the capablity to store data on local disk

   20. valid startergies for handling transient errors
        retry after a delay
        retry
        cancel

    21. Data is stored in nodes and cluster in redis cache
       nodes are space where data is stored
       clusters are sets of 3 or more nodes

    22. azure redis cache resources require globally unique name

    23. the rdis db is represnted by idatabase type
        createTransaction  creates a grp of operations  to be sent to the server  and processed as a single unit
