1.You develop software solutions for a mobile delivery service. You are developing a mobile app that users
  can use to order from a restaurant in their area. The app uses the following workflow:
  1. A driver selects the restaurants for which they will deliver orders.
  2. Orders are sent to all available drivers in an area.
  3. Only orders for the selected restaurants will appear for the driver.
  4. The first driver to accept an order removes it from the list of available orders.
  You need to implement an Azure Service Bus solution.
  Which three actions should you perform in sequence

   1.Create a single Service Bus Namespace
   2.Create a Service Bus Topic for each restaurant for which a driver can receive messages.
   3. Create a Service Bus subscription for each restaurant for which a driver can receive orders.

2.u are creating an app that uses Event Grid to connect with other services. Your app's event data will be
  sent to a serverless function that checks compliance.
  This function is maintained by your company.
  You write a new event subscription at the scope of your resource. The event must be invalidated after a
  specific period of time.
  You need to configure Event Grid
  Webhook event delivery - sas tokens
  Topic publishing      - validation code handshake

3.You are a developer for a Software as a Service (SaaS) company. You develop solutions that provide the
  ability to send notifications by using Azure Notification
  Hubs.
  You need to create sample code that customers can use as a reference for how to send raw notifications
  to Windows Push Notification Services (WNS) devices.
  The sample code must not use external packages.
  How should you complete the code segment
  Box 1: windows -
  Box 2: application/octet-stream -

4.You are developing a solution that uses several Azure Service Bus queues. You create an Azure Event Grid
  subscription for the Azure Service Bus namespace. You use Azure Functions as subscribers to process the
  messages.
  You need to emit events to Azure Event Grid from the queues. You must use the principal of least
  privilege and minimize costs.
  Which Azure Service Bus values should you us
   tier - premium
   iam - contributor

5.You create an Azure Service
  Bus instance by providing a name, pricing tier, subscription, resource group, and location.