1.You develop and deploy an Azure App Service API app to a Windows-hosted deployment slot named
  Development. You create additional deployment slots named Testing and Production. You enable auto
  swap on the Production deployment slot.
  You need to ensure that scripts run and resources are available before a swap operation occurs.
  Solution: Enable auto swap for the Testing slot. Deploy the app to the Testing slot.
  Does the solution meet the goal?
  • A. No
  • B. Yes

  no - Instead update the web.config file to include the applicationInitialization configuration element. Specify
       custom initialization actions to run the scripts.

2.When photos are uploaded, they must be processed to produce and save a mobile-friendly version of the
  image. The process to produce a mobile-friendly version of the image must start in less than one minute.
  You need to design the process that starts the photo processing.
  Solution: Use the Azure Blob Storage change feed to trigger photo processing.
  Does the solution meet the goal?
  no --> Instead catch the triggered event, so move the photo processing to an Azure Function triggered from the
         blob upload.
         or use an event grid trigger

  3.You deploy an Azure Container Apps app and disable ingress on the container app.
    Users report that they are unable to access the container app. You investigate and observe that the app
    has scaled to 0 instances.
    CloudCertified Practice Tests
    You need to resolve the issue with the container app.
    Solution: Enable ingress, create an HTTP scale rule, and apply the rule to the container app.    NO this does not meet the goal
    Solution: Enable ingress and configure the minimum replicas to 1 for the container app. yes thus meets the goal

4.ou are developing a website that will run as an Azure Web App. Users will authenticate by using their
  Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) credentials.
  You plan to assign users one of the following permission levels for the website: admin, normal, and
  reader. A user's Azure AD group membership must be used to determine the permission level.
  You need to configure authorization.
  Solution: Configure the Azure Web App for the website to allow only authenticated requests and require
  Azure AD log on.
  Does the solution meet the goal?
  • A. Yes
  • B. No
  Answer: B
  Instead in the Azure AD application's manifest, set value of the groupMembershipClaims option to All.

5.You are developing a medical records document management website. The website is used to store
  scanned copies of patient intake forms.
  If the stored intake forms are downloaded from storage by a third party, the contents of the forms must
  not be compromised.
  You need to store the intake forms according to the requirements.
  Solution:
  1. Create an Azure Key Vault key named skey.
  2. Encrypt the intake forms using the public key portion of skey.
  3. Store the encrypted data in Azure Blob storage.
  Does the solution meet the goal?
  • A. Yes
  • B. No

  2 option for above question
   Create an Azure Cosmos DB database with Storage Service Encryption enabled.
  2. Store the intake forms in the Azure Cosmos DB database.
  Does the solution meet the goal?
  • A. Yes
  • B. No ans

6.You develop Azure solutions.
  You must grant a virtual machine (VM) access to specific resource groups in Azure Resource Manager.
  You need to obtain an Azure Resource Manager access token.
  Solution: Use the Reader role-based access control (RBAC) role to authenticate the VM with Azure
  Resource Manager.
  Does the solution meet the goal?
  • A. Yes
  • B. No
  Answer: B
  Instead run the Invoke-RestMethod cmdlet to make a request to the local managed identity for Azure
  resources endpoint.

7.You are developing and deploying several ASP.NET web applications to Azure App Service. You plan to
  save session state information and HTML output.
  You must use a storage mechanism with the following requirements:
  ✑ Share session state across all ASP.NET web applications.
  ✑ Support controlled, concurrent access to the same session state data for multiple readers and a single
  writer.
  ✑ Save full HTTP responses for concurrent requests.
  You need to store the information.
  Proposed Solution: Enable Application Request Routing (ARR).
  Does the solution meet the goal?
  • A. Yes
  CloudCertified Practice Tests
  • B. No
  Answer: B use cache instead
Deploy and configure Azure Cache for Redis. yes

8.You are developing an Azure solution to collect point-of-sale (POS) device data from 2,000 stores located
  throughout the world. A single device can produce 2 megabytes (MB) of data every 24 hours. Each store
  location has one to five devices that send data.
  You must store the device data in Azure Blob storage. Device data must be correlated based on a device
  identifier. Additional stores are expected to open in the future.
  You need to implement a solution to receive the device data.
  Solution: Provision an Azure Service Bus. Configure a topic to receive the device data by using a
  correlation filter.
  Does the solution meet the goal?
  • A. Yes
  • B. No
  Answer:B


9.You are developing an Azure Service application that processes queue data when it receives a message
  from a mobile application. Messages may not be sent to the service consistently.
  You have the following requirements:
  >> Queue size must not grow larger than 80 gigabytes (GB).
  >> Use first-in-first-out (FIFO) ordering of messages.
  >> Minimize Azure costs.
  You need to implement the messaging solution.
  Solution: Use the .Net API to add a message to an Azure Service Bus Queue from the mobile application.
  Create an Azure Windows VM that is triggered from
  Azure Service Bus Queue. no
  Don't use a VM, instead create an Azure Function App that uses an Azure Service Bus Queue trigger.

 solution Create an Azure Function App that uses an Azure Service Bus Queue trigger. yes


10.You are developing an Azure solution to collect point-of-sale (POS) device data from 2,000 stores located
   throughout the world. A single device can produce
   2 megabytes (MB) of data every 24 hours. Each store location has one to five devices that send data.
   You must store the device data in Azure Blob storage. Device data must be correlated based on a device
   identifier. Additional stores are expected to open in the future.
   You need to implement a solution to receive the device data.
   Solution: Provision an Azure Event Hub. Configure the machine identifier as the partition key and enable
   capture. no
   Provision an Azure Service Bus. Configure a topic to receive the device data by using a
   correlation filter. no
   Use the .Net API to add a message to an Azure Service Bus Queue from the mobile application.
   Create an Azure Function App that uses an Azure
   Service Bus Queue trigger. yes
   You can create a function that is triggered when messages are submitted to an Azure Storage queue.



11.You are implementing an application by using Azure Event Grid to push near-real-time information to
   customers.
   You have the following requirements:
   • You must send events to thousands of customers that include hundreds of various event types.
   • The events must be filtered by event type before processing.
   • Authentication and authorization must be handled by using Microsoft Entra ID.
   • The events must be published to a single endpoint.
   You need to implement Azure Event Grid.
   Solution: Publish events to an event domain. Create a custom topic for each customer. yes
   Solution: Publish events to a custom topic. Create an event subscription for each customer. no
   Solution: Publish events to a system topic. Create an event subscription for each customer. no
