1.You are preparing to deploy an Azure virtual machine (VM)-based application.
  The VMs that run the application have the following requirements:
  >> When a VM is provisioned the firewall must be automatically configured before it can access Azure
  resources.
  >> Supporting services must be installed by using an Azure PowerShell script that is stored in Azure
  Storage.
  You need to ensure that the requirements are met.

  firewall config --> run command
  suporting services script --> hybrid runbook worker

2.You are debugging an application that is running on Azure Kubernetes cluster named cluster1. The cluster
  uses Azure Monitor for containers to monitor the cluster.
  The application has sticky sessions enabled on the ingress controller.
  Some customers report a large number of errors in the application over the last 24 hours.
  You need to determine on which virtual machines (VMs) the errors are occurring

  Box 1: ago(1d)
  Box 2: distinct containerID -
  Box 3: where ContainerID in (ContainerIDs)
  Box 4: summarize Count() by Computer

3.You develop an application. You plan to host the application on a set of virtual machines (VMs) in Azure.
  You need to configure Azure Monitor to collect logs from the application.
  Which four actions should you perform in sequence
  Step 1: Create a Log Analytics workspace.
  Step 2: Add a VMInsights solution.
  Step 3: Install agents on the VM and VM scale set to be monitored.
  Step 4: Create an Application Insights resource
  Sign in to the Azure portal, and create an Application Insights resource.

4.You are developing several microservices to run on Azure Container Apps. External HTTP ingress traffic
  has been enabled for the microservices.
  The microservices must be deployed to the same virtual network and write logs to the same Log Analytics
  workspace.
  You need to deploy the microservices.
  What should you do?
  • A. Enable single revision mode.
  • B. Use a separate environment for each container.
  • C. Use a private container registry image and single image for all containers.
  • D. Use a single environment for all containers. --> ans
  • E. Enable multiple revision mode.

5.You have a Linux container-based console application that uploads image files from customer sites all
  over the world. A back-end system that runs on Azure virtual machines processes the images by using the
  Azure Blobs API.
  You are not permitted to make changes to the application.
  Some customer sites only have phone-based internet connections.
  You need to configure the console application to access the images.
  What should you use?
  CloudCertified Practice Tests
  • A. Azure BlobFuse A
  • B. Azure Disks
  • C. Azure Storage Network File System (NFS) 3.0 support
  • D. Azure Files

6.You develop an app that allows users to upload photos and videos to Azure storage. The app uses a
  storage REST API call to upload the media to a blob storage account named Account1. You have blob
  storage containers named Container1 and Container2.
  Uploading of videos occurs on an irregular basis.
  You need to copy specific blobs from Container1 to Container2 when a new video is uploaded.
  What should you do?
  • A. Copy blobs to Container2 by using the Put Blob operation of the Blob Service REST API
  • B. Create an Event Grid topic that uses the Start-AzureStorageBlobCopy cmdlet ans
  • C. Use AzCopy with the Snapshot switch to copy blobs to Container2
  • D. Download the blob to a virtual machine and then upload the blob to Container2