1. Store sensitive data in Azure Key Vault and reference them in Azure App Configuration using Key Vault references.
 Store non-sensitive data directly within Azure App Configuration.
 Implement the App Configuration provider in your application to dynamically load and refresh the configuration settings.

2. az storage account management-policy create --account-name myaccount --policy @policy.json

3. You want to automate a process to review log data related to resource updates, to detect anomalies within the updates.
  You would like to utilize live dashboards to evaluate the log data quickly. What type of logs would you analyze, and with what Azure service?

  Process activity logs with Azure Event Hub. --> logs provide information about operations that have taken place on resources within
   your Azure subscription.
  like  creation, modification, or deletion events. Activity logs are crucial for tracking changes and identifying noncompliant or disruptive resource updates.
  example - When a virtual machine is created, modified, or deleted, the activity log records who made the change,
  when it was made, and what specific operation was performed
  auditing and monitoring actions performed at the subscription level

   Azure Event Hub --> data streaming platform for ingesting events, used for real time processing and anomaly detection

  Process diagnostic logs with Log Analytics. -- diagnistoc logs -- detailed info about internals of an azure resource -->
   For a virtual machine, diagnostic logs can capture CPU usage, disk read/write operations, or the number of failed requests over time.
   for in-depth performance monitoring, troubleshooting, and identifying the root cause of issues within a resource.
   You can use Kusto Query Language (KQL) to build queries and detect anomalies in your log data

   log analytics -  It allows you to query logs, create custom alerts, and visualize data in dashboards.

  Process application logs with tables in Azure Storage.
  Process diagnostic logs with Power BI. Power BI is a business analytics service,  not designed to process and analyze logs directly

  4. connect webapp to mysqd databaase -- for connectiion strings
  az webapp config set --name MyWebApp --resource-group MyResourceGroup --connection-strings
  '{"MySqlConnectionString": {"value": "my-connection-string", "type": "MySql"}}'

  az appservice web config' -- this is invalid
  'az webapp config appsettings set --> sets application settings for a web app.

   az webapp update command is used for updating a web app's properties

 5. Question is
  To ensure efficient delivery of the video content to your global audience and handle the traffic spikes, you decide to leverage Azure CDN
  Ans -- Create a new Azure CDN profile, opt for the "Standard Microsoft" pricing tier, and during endpoint creation,
   specify the origin type as "Storage" and enable geo-filtering to block regions where your content rights are restricted.
   Standard Microsoft -- can handle global distribution
   using irigin type as storage suited for serving large video files.
   f geo-filtering is essential so that news should not be delivered where the content can be senstative and not allowed


CDN pricing tiers

Tier	                Provider	Key Features	                                           Use Case
Standard (Microsoft)	Microsoft	Basic CDN features, caching, HTTPS, custom domains	General-purpose content delivery
Standard (Akamai)	     Akamai	    Enhanced performance, advanced security features	Complex content delivery, large-scale media
Standard (Verizon)	     Verizon	Optimized for media, streaming, caching control	Media delivery, streaming, enterprise solutions
Premium (Verizon)	     Verizon	Advanced rules engine, real-time analytics	Advanced control, live streaming, high-traffic

Standard (Akamai)  - for complex delivery ,security and enhamce perofmcance
standard verizon - Best for media-heavy applications,live streaming and

Microsoft: For basic, cost-effective CDN needs with Azure integration.
Akamai: When you need enhanced performance, global scale, and advanced security features.
Verizon: For media-rich applications and scenarios requiring optimized streaming and media delivery.