Azure Storage Account
The Azure storage account Standard general-purpose v2 is the most common type which supports Blob Storage (including Data Lake Storage),
Queue Storage, Table Storage, and Azure Files. Reference: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-account-overview

Azure File Sync is a service that allows users to sync files between on-premises and cloud Windows servers.
 Reference: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/file-sync/file-sync-introduction

Azure Storage Account provides access to your Azure storage resources.
Azure Storage Explorer allows you to upload to Azure, download from Azure, or move between storage accounts.
Azure File Sync is a service that allows users to sync files between on-premises and cloud Windows servers.
AzCopy is a CLI tool for copying blobs or files.


Azure Identity
Azure provide identity management system {id/pwd } based on "Active Directory "AD or AAD -> identiy as a service
Azure AD MFA works by requiring two or more of the following authentication methods:
• Something you know, typically a password.
 • Something you have, such as a trusted device that's not easily duplicated, like a phone or hardware key.
  • Something you are - biometrics like a fingerprint or face scan. Reference: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/authentication/concept-mfa-howitworks

RBAC -- Role Based Active Control
Roles -- reprsents common tasks for the job
Permissions to that role  -- Users to that role

Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) allows organizations to synchronize on-premises
directories to enable a consistent identity experience between cloud and on-premises.
Reference: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis

The Microsoft Defender secure score feature in Defender for Cloud enables you to achieve below two main goals:
 • to help you understand your current security situation • to help you efficiently and effectively improve your security


Cost OR Pricing in Azure
Free Load Balancers AD Virtual Networks,Resource groups

Pay per usage
Azure function have 1 million excution per month free
0.20$ per million executions --> cheapest vm is $20 per month

Vms are charged per second
Availability zones have different prices

Azure Pricing Calculator
Calculate pricing for ur services
The Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) calculator is a free tool that anyone can use to estimate the costs of migrating their data and applications
to Azure and predict potential savings

Resource Tags - tag for ur resourceGroups that will help u undersatnd what the resource is used for
Tags provide metadata that can be added to Azure resources to organize related resources and help with billing and support issues.
pay per service -- function apps, Logic apps, Storgae


Azure Tools for managing and deploying Azure Resources
Azure Portal,cli,azure mobile app,Powershell

Azure Arc
Azure ARC allows you to see and manage all of your on premises infrastructure, regardless of where
that infrastructure is running outside of Azure.
And so what that means is you can have servers and Kubernetes clusters and SQL servers that are either
running inside your organization on premises or in other clouds such as Amazon, AWS, and you can see
and manage them all within this AAC dashboard.And so this is basically the consolidation of all your servers running across multiple clouds and in
your own environment

IAAC -Infrastructure as code means all ur vm servers,load balancer and networks all ur configurtaion is stored in
a configuration file ,, ie whta is known as iac and store that file in github or any code repo
U can take that and redploy it when u mess it up

Drift is when u accidentalyy change ur IAC configuration and thru this pervious commit u can get back to the state where it was

IAc option are Arm Templates{json},terraform 3rd part tool to code ur infrastructure,bicep ,chef puppet

What is Arm Templates Azure resource Manager it is service the command line tool that runs underneath ur azure portal
alllows us to interact with resource groups

With Azure Cloud Shell, you can run scripts using Bash or PowerShell.


Monitoring Tools
The Azure Advisor will analyze your use of Azure and make you specific recommendations based on your usage across
reliability (formerly called availability, security, performance, cost and operational excellence categories.
 Reference: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/advisor/advisor-overview

Azure Service Health allows you keep track of Azure resource, both your specifically deployed resources and the overall status of Azure.
 Azure Service Health is composed of Azure status, the service health service, and Resource Health.

Azure Monitor is a comprehensive monitoring solution for Azure services that includes several monitoring tools and services.
You can use Azure Monitor to monitor applications, VMs, containers, DB, security or networking events in Azure, other clouds, or on-premises.

