
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/patterns/compensating-transaction

https://blog.jonathanoliver.com/idempotency-patterns/

Compensating Transaction pattern ??
Eventual consistency performs a  series of steps, the Compensating Transaction pattern is used to undo the work that the steps performed.
 data is sometimes spread across various data sources in different geographic location


Solution
compensating transaction -- undo the work done by eventual consisteny in the same order.
             replace the current state with the state the system was in at the start of the operation

  How to preform the compensating transaction  ??
As the original operation proceeds, the system records information about each step,
including how to undo the work that the step performs.
If the operation fails at any point, the workflow rewinds back through the steps it has completed


2 imp points
 compensating transaction might not have to undo in same reverse order and might undo some steps in parallel

Example

Customers use a travel website to book itineraries.
His itenary is like this

Seattle to London and then on to Paris and then to Seattle

Main Operations                                              compensatory logic
Book a seat on flight F1 from Seattle to London.          cancel flight to london
Book a seat on flight F2 from London to Paris.            cancel flight to paris
Book a seat on flight F3 from Paris to Seattle.            cancel flight to Seattle
Reserve a room at hotel H1 in London.                     cancel hotel in london
Reserve a room at hotel H2 in Paris.                     cancel hotlel in Paris

Suppose the customer books flights F1, F2, and F3 but can't reserve a room at hotel H1.
 It's preferable to offer the customer a room at a different hotel in the same city rather than canceling the flights.
  The customer can still decide to cancel. In that case, the compensating transaction runs and undoes the bookings for flights F1, F2, and F3.
   But the customer should make his decision, not the system.


Data Consistency Primer. The Compensating Transaction pattern is often used to undo operations that implement the eventual consistency model.
This primer provides information about the benefits and trade-offs of eventual consistency.
Idempotency Patterns. In a compensating transaction, it's best to use idempotent commands.







