Identify Azure data migration options

Azure Migrate is a service to migrate data from ur on premise datacenter to cloud
Unified migration platform: A single portal to start, run, and track your migration to Azure.
Range of tools: Discovery and assessment and Azure Migrate: Server Migration.
Assessment and migration: Azure Migrate HIub where u can asses and migrate ur on permise infra to hub

Integrated tools
Azure Migrate: Discovery and assessment. Discover and assess on-premises servers running on VMware, physical servers in preparation for migration to Azure
Azure Migrate: Server Migration. Migrate VMware VMs, Hyper-V VMs, physical servers, other virtualized servers, and public cloud VMs to Azure.
Data Migration Assistant.  stand-alone tool to assess SQL Servers used for database migrations like an assitant for   painpoints and stuff
Azure Database Migration Service. Migrate on-premises databases to Azure VMs running SQL Server, Azure SQL Database, or SQL Managed Instances.
Azure App Service migration assistant. for on premises websites for migration to Azure App Service.
Use Migration Assistant to migrate .NET and PHP web apps to Azure.

Azure Data Box. Use Azure Data Box products to move large amounts of offline data to Azure.
Azure Data Box is a physical migration service that helps transfer large amounts of data in a quick, inexpensive, and reliable way
maximum usable storage capacity of 80 terabytes.
Data Box is transported to and from your datacenter via a regional carrier

Use Cases
Data Box is ideally suited to transfer data sizes larger than 40 TBs in scenarios with no to limited network connectivity.

Scenarios
Onetime migration - when a large amount of on-premises data is moved to Azure.
Moving a media library from offline tapes into Azure to create an online media library.
Migrating your VM farm, SQL server, and applications to Azure.
Moving historical data to Azure for in-depth analysis and reporting using HDInsight.
Initial bulk transfer - when an initial bulk transfer is done using Data Box (seed) followed by incremental transfers over the network.
Periodic uploads - when large amount of data is generated periodically and needs to be moved to Azure.
Here are the various scenarios where Data Box can be used to export data from Azure.

Disaster recovery - when a copy of the data from Azure is restored to an on-premises network. In a typical disaster recovery scenario, a large amount of Azure data is exported to a Data Box. Microsoft then ships this Data Box, and the data is restored on your premises in a short time.
Security requirements - when you need to be able to export data out of Azure due to government or security requirements.
Migrate back to on-premises or to another cloud service provider - when you want

Once the data from your import order is uploaded to Azure,
the disks on the device are wiped clean in accordance with NIST 800-88r1 standards.
For an export order, the disks are erased once the device reaches the Azure datacenter.