zero trust model
Zero Trust is a security model that assumes the worst case scenario
 verifies each request as though it originated from an uncontrolled network.

Principles
Verify explicitly - Always authenticate and authorize based on all available data points.
Use least privilege access - Limit user access with Just-In-Time and Just-Enough-Access (JIT/JEA),
 risk-based adaptive policies, and data protection.
Assume breach - Minimize blast radius and segment access.
Verify end-to-end encryption. Use analytics to get visibility, drive threat detection, and improve defenses.

The Zero Trust model requires everyone to authenticate and then grants access based on authentication rather than location

The Defense-in-Depth model in Azure is a layered approach
Phyical Security -- data centers are protected -  protect computing hardware in the datacenter.
Identiry and Access -- ensuring that identities are secure,Control access to infrastructure and change control.Single Sign on and MFA
Permieter - network perimeter protects from network-based attacks against your resources ,
At this layer, it's important to:
Use DDoS protection to filter large-scale attacks before they can affect the availability of a system for users.
Use perimeter firewalls to identify and alert on malicious attacks against your network.

Network -  limiting the network connectivity across all your resources to allow only what's required.reduce the risk of an attack spreading
Limit communication between resources.
Deny by default. Restrict inbound internet access and limit outbound access

Compute -- Vms are protected - Malware, unpatched systems, and improperly secured systems open your environment to attacks.
Secure access to virtual machinw
Implement endpoint protection on devices and keep systems patched and current.

Application - ensure that applications are secure and free of vulnerabilitie
Store sensitive application secrets in a secure storage medium.
Make security a design requirement for all application development.

Data
Stored in a database.
Stored on disk inside virtual machines.
Stored in software as a service (SaaS) applications, such as Office 365.
Managed through cloud storage.
