  Azure external identities (Outside ur organization like ur  partners, distributors, suppliers, or vendors)
  eg - if you're a developer creating consumer-facing apps, you can manage your customers' identity experiences.
 The external user’s identity provider manages their identity,
 and you manage access to your apps with Microsoft Entra ID or Azure AD B2C to keep your resources protected.

 External Identities
 1. Business to business (B2B) collaboration -> Collaborate with external users with their own sso to access ur
 microsoft app/resources (saas,custom
  developed resources ) . B2B collaboration users are guest users

 2 . B2B direct connect  (two-way trust with another Microsoft Entra organization)
     B2B direct connect currently supports Teams shared channels , they arent represeneted in ur directory but visible from teams

 3. Microsoft Azure Active Directory business to customer (B2C) - Publish modern SaaS apps to consumers and customers,
  while using Azure AD B2C for identity and access management


Azure conditional access checks the location of the user , doesnt need mfa if it is in the desired location
Conditional Access is a tool that Microsoft Entra ID uses to allow/deny based on lcation, it checks
Conditional Access collects signals from the user and decides based on that.
Conditional Access also provides a more granular multifactor authentication experience for users.
 For example, a user might not be challenged for second authentication factor if they're at a known location.

When to use Conditional Access?
MFA is requred for admins but not for people outside resiurces becoz they have limited acccess
limit which email applications are able to connect to your email service.
block access for untrusted resources
Require users to access your application only from managed devices.
 A managed device is a device that meets your standards for security and compliance.

  Azure role-based access control RBAC is heirarchial
 Role-based access control is applied to a scope, which is a resource or set of resources
 A management group, subscription, or resource group might be given the role of owner,
 so they have increased control and authority.
 An observer, who isn't expected to make any updates, might be given a role of Reader for the same scope,
 enabling them to review or observe the management group, subscription, or resource group.

Scopes include:

A management group (a collection of multiple subscriptions).
A single subscription.
A resource group.
A single resource.

Azure RBAC is hierarchical, in that when you grant access at a parent scope, those permissions are inherited by all child scopes.
When you assign the Owner role to a user at the management group scope, that user can manage everything in all subscriptions within the management group.
When you assign the Reader role to a group at the subscription scope,
the members of that group can view every resource group and resource within the subscription.

When you're assigned a role, Azure RBAC allows you to perform actions within the scope of that role.
 If one role assignment grants you read permissions to a resource group and a different role assignment
 grants you write permissions to the same resource group, you have both read and write permissions on that resource group.




