Resource --> virtual servers ,db
Generally resource indicate the region where they are created
A resource is associated with only one subscription.
ResourceGrps-- > logical grouping of these resources, they should have similar life cycle like deploy togethter and delete together
Permissions are assigned at the reource level.
These resource groups can be under a particalr subscrition
A resource group is a logical container for Azure resources. Resource groups make the management of Azure resources easier.
With a resource group, you can allow a user to manage all resources in the resource group, such as virtual machines, websites, and subnets.
The permissions you apply to the resource group apply to all resources contained in the resource group.

Subscriptions-- billing unit with azure ,, ca
Types
free 200 credits for first 30 days
pay as u go model
enterprise
free credits for startups
companies can have multiple subscriptions like dev Subscription , Qa Subscripton and HR Subscrition
separate subscriptions within an organization like sales,It finance
management groups -- different subscriptions or resources for different groups like qa dev application hr finance
here are different payment options in Azure including pay-as-you-go (PAYG),
Enterprise Agreement (EA), and Microsoft Customer Agreement (MCA) accounts. Your Azure costs are ‘per subscription’.
You are charged monthly for all resources in a subscription. Therefore, to use different payment options per department,
you will need to create a separate subscription per department.
You can create multiple subscriptions in a single Azure Active Directory tenant.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Azure Compute services -- Execute the code in the cloud
VMs,Aks,Aci(azure conatiner instance),App Services(web apps)

Virtual Machine -- Infrastruture As Service Iaas  -- Aws EC2 -- its like ur  using ur local machine on cloud
{no of cores ,cpu speed,ram size ,temp disk}

VMss - Virtual Machine Scale Sets - LoadBalancer manages --> 2 or more vms with same configuration
running the exact same code and directing traffic to thses
Able to scale based on demand -- like 100 to 1000vms

PAaS - Platform as service - App Services
You give ur code or package ur app and give to azure and they promise to run on whaever server configuration they are using in the background
to run that but promise performance
Its like abstraction to ur vms

Azure Functions is a serverless computer service that allows a piece of code to be deployed and
executed without needing server infrastructure or any configurations.
Azure function apps - to run small peices of code on cloud --
eg move all files from one container to another conatiner
   call an external api to clear cache

Azure App Service is a fully managed PaaS (Platform as a Service) service for developers.

Aci
Containers -- ur code is an image and basically it can be copied into ur dev or staging or prod as it is
and the deployement processs is easier.
Container instances are a simpler form and you cannot scale up many machines

Aks -- runs on a cluster of servers

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Azure Networking services
You can restrict traffic to multiple virtual networks in multiple subscriptions with a single Azure firewall.
Azure Firewall is a managed, cloud-based network security service that protects your Azure Virtual Network resources.
It’s a fully stateful firewall as a service with built-in high availability and unrestricted cloud scalability.
Reference: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/firewall/overview

Virtual Network -- Computers communicating with each other located on same network
Subnet -- sub division of these networks {these subnets have diff security settings for frontend servers,backedn server,database servers}
It is a way of dividing ur own virtual network into security zones
Vpn - connecting ur home network to ur office network
Express Route - very fast and private . Eg when using azure services u can connect ur corporate network to these azure networks
whihc are highly encrypted
Dns -  take ur domain name and host it on azure
Monitoring Management tools --> Azure Monitor, Network Watcher And Express Route

DDos - Distributed denial of service attack protection
load balancer - distribute traffic
app gateway -  higher level of load balancer with an optional load balancer
cdn - content delivery network -- stores common static files  on the edge for better customer xperience

Azure Frond door service --> loadbalancer +cdn +firewll 3 in one

Azure App Service is a fully managed PaaS (Platform as a Service) service for developers.
Reference: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/overview

Peering or newtwork peering --> allowing resources in diff networks to talk to each other
this can be done in same regions or across regions

Public and private endpoints



----------------------------------------------------------------------
Virtual Machines - important key concepts
images are like operating systems
VM famiy -- Choose the right hardware
Vm Size -- cpus ram
Disks

Script for installing a nginx server
#!/bin/sh
sudo su -- becoming a super user
apt-get -y update
apt-get -y install nginx
echo "Welcome to in28minutes $(hostname)" > /var/www/html/index.html