Ques
1.Sla -- for view data in archive storage
15 hours is the min sla

2. secure sensitive data and mfa
   upgrade azure ad tenant to premium for mfa
   create conditional access policy to enable mfa for a group of users

3. Azure Comsmos db operator roles to use azure ad group to provision   Azure cosmos account,db containers but cannot access any data
  Cosmos db operator

4. an app needs authentication to azure api, shoudl not send creds and authenticate api calls by callers
   managed identity

5. company needs to use azures rest apis store in azure ad. this api should by called by azure api web app
  use graph api and msal(microsoft auth library)

   what is graph api -- sinlge door of api which allows u to access multiple azure resources , like outlook ,calendar email apis
                        instead of learning about all the apis(like for calendar,email,outllok api just connect to microsfts grph api)

   Imagine you're building an application that needs to display a user's recent emails, upcoming calendar events, and their profile information.
   Instead of connecting to Outlook for emails, the Calendar API for events, and Azure AD for profile data, you can just use the Microsoft Graph API.

   Steps
   1.first ur app will connect to microsfts ad to authenticate and get permission to access resiurces
   2.  you would make a request to the Microsoft Graph API, something like https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/messages
       his URL is asking for a list of emails (/me/messages) from the authenticated user.
       This URL is asking for a list of emails (/me/messages) from the authenticated use

 6. communicate transactional messages between micro-services ,in fifo what should be used
     azure service bus

    why azure service bus --> supports fifo thru queues and topics ,, use features like sessions
                              to make sure messages are processed in exact order
                              maintains sequence of transactions
                              supports transactions
                              supports dead letter queues ,retries and duplicate detections

    Azure Queue Storage --> non transactional and simple queue scenarios
    Azure HDInsight: This is a big data analytics service, not designed for message queuing or communication between microservices.

  7. sdk to trigger background task automatically to invoke a function when new data is recieved in a queue ,, what to uses
     ans is az functions  --> azure Functions are designed to be triggered by various events,
                             including when a new message is received in an Azure Queue Storage or an Azure Service Bus Queue.

             webjobs can also trigger background task but within an existing web application and within an app service , they are less
             flexible and scalabale

             WebJobs are tied to an App Service, while Functions are independent.
             Used for running background tasks or scripts in Azure App Service


  8. copy data into and out of data storage
     azcopy
     az blob storage

  9.Apim Policy with -- Prevent anonymous usage using openid connect for authentication
       then go for validate-jwt
       using these u can validate access tokens or incoming requests

  10. cpoy blobs from one container to another when a new video is uploaded, videos are uploaded infrequently but requires immediate response
        Use Event Grid Topic with start-Azure Storage blob copy
        eg blob storage events are published using Azure Event grid

  11. cache purge types -- 3 types
       Single purge type - purges individual assets by specifying the full path of the asset. eg /pictures/image.png
       Wildcard purge -- this will purge all the folders files with *  eg /pictures/*
       Root Domain Purge --> purge the root eg "/"

  12. app is unresponsvie , alert should be sent ,, what is type of test should be used
       url ping test
       multi-step web test

  13. implement auto scaling with mininze cost
      go for standard app service tier plan



